Biography
"Bill Gates is founder, technology advisor and board member of Microsoft Corporation, the worldwide leader in software, services and solutions that help people and businesses realize their full potential.  He served as chairman of the board until Feb. 4, 2014. On June 27, 2008, Gates transitioned out of a day-to-day role in the company to spend more time on his global health and education work at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. He shares his thoughts about the foundation and other topics on Gates Notes, a website launched in January 2010. Gates continues to serve on Microsoft’s Board of Directors and as an advisor on key development projects. Born on Oct. 28, 1955, Gates grew up in Seattle with his two sisters. Their father, William H. Gates II, is a Seattle attorney. Their late mother, Mary Gates, was a schoolteacher, University of Washington regent, and chairwoman of United Way International. Gates attended public elementary school and the private Lakeside School. There, he discovered his interest in software and began programming computers at age 13. In 1973, Gates entered Harvard University as a freshman, where he lived down the hall from Steve Ballmer. While at Harvard, Gates developed a version of the programming language BASIC for the first microcomputer – the MITS Altair. In his junior year, Gates left Harvard to devote his energies to Microsoft, a company he had begun in 1975 with his childhood friend Paul Allen. Guided by a belief that the computer would be a valuable tool on every office desktop and in every home, they began developing software for personal computers. Gates’ foresight and his vision for personal computing have been central to the success of Microsoft and the software industry. Under Gates’ leadership, Microsoft’s mission has been to continually advance and improve software technology, and to make it easier, more cost-effective and more enjoyable for people to use computers. The company is committed to a long-term view, reflected in its industry-leading investment in research and development each year. In 1999, Gates wrote Business @ the Speed of Thought, a book that shows how computer technology can solve business problems in fundamentally new ways. The book was published in 25 languages and is available in more than 60 countries. Business @ the Speed of Thought has received wide critical acclaim, and was listed on the best-seller lists of the New York Times, USA Today, The Wall Street Journal and on Amazon.com. Gates’ previous book, The Road Ahead, published in 1995, was at the top of the New York Times bestseller list for seven weeks. Gates has donated the proceeds of both books to non-profit organizations that support the use of technology in education and skills development. In addition to his love of computers and software, Gates founded Corbis, which is developing one of the world’s largest resources of visual information – a comprehensive digital archive of art and photography from public and private collections around the globe. He is also a member of the board of directors of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., which invests in companies engaged in diverse business activities. Philanthropy is very important to Gates.  He and his wife, Melinda, started a foundation in 2000 to help reduce inequities in the United States and around the world.  The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation supports philanthropic initiatives in the areas of global health and learning, with the hope that in the 21st century, advances in these critical areas will be available for all people.  To learn more about the foundation, visit www.gatesfoundation.org Gates was married on Jan. 1, 1994, to Melinda French Gates. They have three children. Gates is an avid reader, and enjoys playing golf, tennis and bridge."
"Adam Neumann is the Co-founder and CEO of WeWork, which provides workspace, community, and services to more than 60,000 members in more than 30 cities around the world. Adam, along with co-founder Miguel McKelvey, started WeWork in 2010 in the Soho neighborhood of New York City with the intention of creating a workspace environment centred around the idea of community, and the belief that people will achieve more together than they could on their own. Adam and team want to grow WeWork everywhere to serve everyone, expanding globally and focusing on building technology that connects members around the world so they are empowered to do what they love. Previously, Adam co-founded and ran Big Tent Inc., where he developed Egg Baby and Krawlers, well-known brands of children’s clothing. Adam lives in New York City. He is the proud father of four children, Elle, Loulou, Isaiah, and Elijah, and loving husband to his wife, Rebekah."
"Stephen Curry’s on and off court legacy is marked by transformation and innovation. With a following of over 13M on twitter and 26M on Instagram, Curry is one of the most influential stars both on and off the basketball court. His nine-year career in the NBA with the Golden State Warriors is marked by many firsts; he was the first person to be named Most Valuable Player by unanimous vote in NBA History and one of a select few to win MVP awards two years in a row. He holds six NBA all-star selections and three NBA Championships. Off the court, he is also an emerging figure in the tech space with direct investments in companies like Pinterest and eSports organization TSM.  This past July, Stephen and Ayesha Curry launched the Eat. Learn. Play. Foundation, whose mission is to unlock the potential of every child by ending childhood hunger, ensuring universal access to education, and enabling active lifestyles. The family foundation is dedicated to providing underprivileged children the fundamental resources they need to thrive in life, with an emphasis on the Bay Area and Oakland communities. He is also the founder of the Film & Television company Unanimous Media specializing in Faith, Family and Sports content in tandem with Sony Studios, and is the Executive Producer for ABC’s no. 1 primetime show, Holey Moley."
"Since the age of 12, Mark Cuban has been a natural businessman. Selling garbage bags door to door, the seed was planted early on for what would eventually become long-term success. After graduating from Indiana University - where he briefly owned the most popular bar in town - Mark moved to Dallas. After a dispute with an employer who wanted him to clean instead of closing an important sale, Mark created MicroSolutions, a computer consulting service. He went on to later sell MicroSolutions in 1990 to CompuServe. In 1995, Mark and long-time friend Todd Wagner came up with an internet based solution to not being able to listen to Hoosiers Basketball games out in Texas. That solution was Broadcast.com - streaming audio over the internet. In just four short years, Broadcast.com (then Audionet) would be sold to Yahoo for $5.6 billion dollars. Since his acquisition of the Dallas Mavericks in 2000, he has overseen the Mavs competing in the NBA Finals for the first time in franchise history in 2006 - and becoming NBA World Champions in 2011. They are currently listed as one of Forbes' most valuable franchises in sports. In addition to the Mavs, Mark is chairman and CEO of AXS tv, one of ABC's ""Sharks"" on the hit show Shark Tank, and an investor in an ever-growing portfolio of businesses. He lives in Dallas with wife Tiffany, daughters Alexis and Alyssa, and son Jake."
"LeBron James is an international basketball star currently playing for the NBA's Los Angeles Lakers. He has won many awards during his professional career including a 2008 Summer Olympic Gold Medal, NBA Most Valuable Player, NBA Rookie of the Year, NBA All-Star Game MVP and many others. James has invested in companies such as [Weplay](/organization/weplay) and was reported to have [earned $30M](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2014/06/12/report-lebron-james-set-for-30-million-profit-on-apple-beats-deal/) as part of [Apple](/organization/apple)'s [acquisition](/acquisition/df61631e6716f46ea7667bef7806855e) of [Beats Electronics](/organization/beats-by-dr-dre)."
"Will Smith is an actor, producer and musician, two-time Academy Award® nominee four-time Grammy nominee and winner Will Smith has enjoyed a diverse career encompassing films, television and multiplatinum records. Smith’s vast filmography includes transformative portrayals of true-life icons in “Ali,” “The Pursuit of Happyness” and “Concussion.” He has headlined an extraordinary list of films, including “Hitch,” “I am Legend,” “I, Robot,” “Independence Day,” “Men in Black I, II, and III” and “Suicide Squad"". Currently, Smith can be seen in Walt Disney Pictures “Aladdin” in the iconic role of the Genie. The movie was directed by Guy Ritchie and has made over $1 billion worldwide since its release on May 24, 2019.   Smith will next be seen staring in Ang Lee’s action/thriller, “Gemini Man” out this fall. Next year, he’ll grace the screen once again in the beloved franchise, Sony’s “Bad Boys for Life,” premiering around the world in January 2020, in which he will once again reprise his iconic role as Detective Mike Lowrey opposite Martin Lawrence. Smith will next go into production on Warner Brother’s “King Richard” where he will star in the titular role of Richard Williams, the father of renounced tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams. Recently, Smith created the daring Facebook Watch series, “Will Smith’s Bucket List” where he challenges himself to a different item from his bucket list each week, including performing standup comedy with Dave Chappelle, skydiving in Dubai, swimming with sharks, and racing a Formula 1 car in Abu Dhabi. The show was a massive success for the platform.  He began his career as a musician selling millions of records worldwide before crossing over into television with the beloved “Fresh Prince of Bel Air.” In 1998 he and partner James Lassiter founded production and management company Overbrook Entertainment, which has produced numerous top film and television projects. In addition to his artistic achievements, Smith is a successful business owner. Along with his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, he launched a new media venture, Westbrook Inc. This is a cross-platform holding company formed to execute the Smith Family’s global content and commerce business strategy. Westbrook Inc. will encompass subsidiary companies including the existing Overbrook Entertainment, Red Table Talk Enterprises and the recently formed Westbrook Studios, Westbrook Media, and Good Goods, the latter an elevated merchandise business. Additionally he and Jada founded the Will & Jada Smith Family Foundation. WJSFF is a nonprofit, philanthropic organization committed to improving lives and investing in organizations and initiatives that empower traditionally overlooked communities."
"Serena Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked No. 1 in women's singles tennis. The Women's Tennis Association has ranked her World No. 1 in singles on six separate occasions. Widely regarded as one of the greatest tennis players of all time, she became the World No. 1 for the first time on July 8, 2002, and regained this ranking for the sixth time on February 18, 2013, becoming the oldest world no. 1 player in WTA's history. Williams is also the reigning French Open, US Open, WTA Tour Championships and Olympic ladies singles champion. In 2008 Williams helped to fund the construction of the Serena Williams Secondary School in Matooni, Kenya. She received a Celebrity Role Model Award from Avon Foundation in 2003 for work in breast cancer. Williams has also been involved in a number of clinics at schools and community centers, particularly those which have programs focusing on at-risk youth; she has also won the ""Young Heroes Award"" from Big Brothers Big Sisters of Greater L.A. and Inland (2003) and the ""Family Circle and Prudential Financial Player Who Makes a Difference Award"" (2004). In response to the 2010 Haiti earthquake, Williams, along with other ATP and WTA stars decided to forgo their final day of preparation for the 2010 Australian Open to form a charity event in which all proceeds will go to the Haiti earthquake victims."
"Kunal Shah is the founder and CEO of CRED. Kunal Shah graduated with Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy from Wilson College in Mumbai and briefly pursued MBA from Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies before dropping out. He started his career as a junior programmer at a business process outsourcing startup. Kunal Shah's first startup venture was a company named Paisaback, which provided cash-back promotions for organised retailers."
"Elizabeth Warren, a fearless consumer advocate who has made her life's work the fight for middle-class families, was elected to the United States Senate on November 6, 2012, by the people of Massachusetts. Elizabeth is recognized as one of the nation's top experts on bankruptcy and the financial pressures facing middle-class families, and the Boston Globe has called her ""the plainspoken voice of people getting crushed by so many predatory lenders and under regulated banks."" She is widely credited for the original thinking, political courage, and relentless persistence that led to the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. President Obama asked her to set up the new agency to hold Wall Street banks and other financial institutions accountable and to protect consumers from financial tricks and traps often hidden in mortgages, credit cards and other financial products. In the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, Warren served as Chair of the Congressional Oversight Panel for the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP). Her independent and tireless efforts to protect taxpayers, to hold Wall Street accountable, and to ensure tough oversight of both the Bush and Obama Administrations won praise from both sides of the aisle. The Boston Globe named Elizabeth Warren Bostonian of the Year and TIME Magazine called her a ""New Sheriff of Wall Street"" for her oversight efforts. During her campaign for the Senate, Elizabeth promised to fight for middle-class families and to make sure that everyone has a fair shot to get ahead. She called for policies that would level the regulatory playing field for small businesses and ensure that everyone - even large and powerful corporations - pays a fair share in taxes and is held accountable for breaking the law. Endorsing Elizabeth's candidacy, the New Bedford Standard-Times said, ""Elizabeth Warren has it right on all the things that matter most to us in SouthCoast and across Massachusetts,"" with ""principles that without a doubt, promote the well-being of the middle class."" The Boston Globe called Elizabeth ""a fierce advocate for a lot of working families, creating educational opportunities, and expanding medical research."" The Springfield Republican said, ""We need a voice for working families in Washington again. Elizabeth Warren will give us that voice."" Senator Warren was a law professor for more than 30 years, including nearly 20 years as the Leo Gottlieb Professor of Law at Harvard Law School. The graduating class at Harvard twice recognized her with the Sacks-Freund Award for excellence in teaching. She taught courses on commercial law, contracts, and bankruptcy and wrote more than a hundred articles and ten books, including three national best-sellers,  A Fighting Chance, The Two-Income Trap, and All Your Worth. National Law Journal named her one of the Most Influential Lawyers of the Decade, TIME Magazine has named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world three times, and she has been honored by the Massachusetts Women's Bar Association with the Lelia J. Robinson Award. Elizabeth learned first-hand about the economic pressures facing working families, growing up in a family she says was ""on the ragged edge of the middle class."" She got married at 19 and, after graduating from college, started teaching in elementary school. Her first baby, a daughter Amelia, was born when Elizabeth was 22. When Amelia was two, Elizabeth started law school. Shortly after she graduated, her son Alex was born. Elizabeth hung out a shingle and practiced law out of her living room, but she soon returned to teaching. Elizabeth is a graduate of the University of Houston and Rutgers School of Law. Elizabeth and her husband Bruce Mann have been married for 36 years and live in Cambridge, Massachusetts. They have three grandchildren."
"Deepinder Goyal, Founder & CEO, Zomato, is the Founder and CEO of Zomato. Prior to starting Zomato, Deepinder worked as a management consultant with Bain and Company in New Delhi. It was at Bain that Deepinder conceived the idea of an online restaurant information service after seeing the demand for menu cards among his colleagues. He left Bain in 2008 to start Zomato (then foodiebay) out of his apartment and has since overseen strategy and product development. Deepinder graduated with a Mathematics and Computing degree from IIT Delhi in 2005 and hails from Muktsar in Punjab."
"Chris is a UK-based entrepreneur, business mentor and investor. He is Managing Director of Techstars fintech Accelerator in London (in partnership with Barclays) and focusses on identifying, improving and investing in early stage fintech companies. Previous to Techstars Chris helped establish and was CEO of Blacktip Capital (trading as Marlin Financial Group) one of the fastest growing privately held British companies.  Marlin was sold to a NASDAQ-listed company in 2014.  Prior to that Chris held various sales and marketing, finance and operational leadership roles within GE Capital.  Chris holds a BBA from the University of Michigan."
"Warren Buffet is a businessman and investor. He was born Warren Edward Buffett on August 30,1930, in Omaha, Nebraska. Buffett's father Howard worked as stockbroker and served as U.S. Congressman. His mother, Leila Stahl Buffett, was a homemaker. Buffett was the second of three children and the only boy. Buffett demonstrated a knack for financial and business matters early on in his childhood. Friends and acquaintances have said the young boy was a mathematical prodigy, and was able to add large columns of numbers in his head-a talent he still occasionally shows off to friends and business associates. Warren often visited his father's stockbrokerage shop as a child, and chalked in the stock prices on the blackboard in the office. At 11 years old he made his first investment; he bought three shares of Cities Service Preferred at $38 per share. The stock quickly dropped to only $27, but Buffett held on tenaciously until they reached $40. He sold his shares at a small profit, but regretted the decision when Cities Service shot up to nearly $200 a share. He later cited this experience as an early lesson in patience in investing. By the age of 13, Buffett was running his own businesses as a paperboy and selling his own horseracing tip sheet. That same year, he filed his first tax return, claiming his bike as a $35 tax deduction. In 1942, Buffett's father was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, and his family moved to Fredricksburg, Virginia, to be closer to the congressman's new post. Buffett attended Woodrow Wilson High School in Washington, D.C., where he continued plotting new ways to make money. During his high school tenure, he and a friend purchased a used pinball machine for $25. They installed it in a Washington, D.C. barbershop and, within a few months, the profits of the machine allowed Buffett and his friend to buy other machines. Buffett owned three machines in three different locations before he sold the business to a War Veteran for $1,200. Buffett enrolled at the University of Pennsylvania at the age of 16 to study business. He stayed two years, moved to the University of Nebraska to finish up his degree, and emerged from college at age 20 with nearly $10,000 from his childhood businesses. Buffett attended Columbia University for his advanced degree and in 1956, shortly after graduation, he formed the firm Buffett Partnership in his hometown of Omaha. His investment successes, particularly in buying undervalued companies whose stocks shortly began to rise, made him extremely rich and gained him the sobriquet, ""Oracle of Omaha."" Other notable career succeses include helping rescue Salomon Brothers from corporate raiders (1987) and taking charge of the New York City house (1992) in the wake of an insider trading scandal. In June 2006, Buffett made an announcement that he would be giving his entire fortune away to charity, committing 85 percent of it to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. This donation became the largest act of charitable giving in United States history. The majority of Buffett's considerable fortune was amassed through Berkshire Hathaway, a company for which he is the largest shareholder and CEO. Ranked as Forbes' wealthiest man in 2008, his net worth is estimated at more than $62 billion. Source: [Biography.com](http://www.biography.com/people/warren-buffett-9230729)"
"Masayoshi Son is a Japanese businessman who, after having spent his childhood in Tosu in Southern Japan, went to San Francisco at the age of 16.  Mr. Son is a Founder, CEO, Representative Director Chairman, and President at SoftBank Group. He finished high school in the US and went on to graduate from the University of California in Berkeley, where he majored in Economics. In 1981, Son went back to Japan to found [Softbank](http://www.softbank.co.jp/en/index.html). The company is today one of Asia's biggest media, web and telecommunication companies and Son is the chief executive officer. He is also chairman of Yahoo Japan. With an estimated net worth of $7 billion, Son is said to be Japan's richest man."
"Kunal is the co-founder and CEO of Snapdeal Private Limited, India's largest no-frills, value focused marketplace. Previously, he has also worked at companies such as Deloitte Consulting and Microsoft in the US. Kunal is an engineer from the University of Pennsylvania and holds a business degree from The Wharton School. He loves backpacking through remote parts of the world, savoring unique cuisines and studying development politics in India."
"See #7 Forbes ranking: bit.ly/2Oh7XhF. Available to advise/help fund startups > $500k ARR w/comp., $200k w/o. NO ICO decks! dcurran at custex dot com. Receiving 300+ Founder decks/week. 2016 A16Z deal: bit.ly/2d67xJc and 2017 Greycroft deal: bit.ly/2ylWbLB Fortune 500 $16B WDC pivot from $2.20 to $114/share! Silicon Valley Founder/CEO/Advisor. 149x Angel. 2 Unicorn cash exits within a year of investing + 2 more. Located in San Francisco and Santa Monica. Founder & CEO of CustEx Determinant Platform.  x-VP and acting COO of Western Digital-Connex. $170M+ in Exits: Cruise, Dollar Shave Club, Ticketbis. Winners: Branch Metrics, USLab + more @ http://angel.co/dcurran-custex-com/ Funder's Club Panel Member. Angel Investors can co-invest in my future deals here: http://angel.co/dcurran-custex-com/syndicate/   No deals led yet, but building up. I advise/help raise for quality USA startups with sales ideally over $200k ARR like I did for Allset with A16Z. I generally invest only $1k/$1M ARR. If you have > $200k ARR, share deck @ dcurran at custex dot com. Deck should have user/revenue traction monthly bar chart in slide 2, direct competition in slide 3, GM/NM % in slide 4. I favor 1st movers, NO direct competitors, big angel and VC funding, a strong team, high CAGR/retention/LTV/CAC>3.0. I love social entrepreneurs like us who plan to give 99% of exits/wealth away to right this f***d up world like us. If you don't hear back, you still have a long way to go :)  Good luck!"
"Andre Iguodala is an NBA Champion and Finals MVP currently signed with the Golden State Warriors. He advises Twice, a startup acquired by eBay in 2015. Andre Tyler Iguodala is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The swingman was an NBA All-Star in 2012 and has been named to the NBA All-Defensive Team twice. Iguodala won an NBA championship with the Warriors in 2015, when he was named the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player (MVP). He was also a member of the United States national team at the 2010 FIBA World Championship and 2012 Summer Olympics, winning the gold medal both times. Iguodala went to Lanphier High School in Springfield, Illinois before attending the University of Arizona. After completing two years, he declared for the 2004 NBA draft where he was drafted with the ninth overall pick by the Philadelphia 76ers. Iguodala played in Philadelphia until the summer of 2012, when he was traded to the Denver Nuggets in a four team trade. He was acquired by Golden State in 2013. In 2014–15, he became a reserve for the first time in his career, but captured the Finals MVP after he returned to the starting lineup in the middle of series."
"Joseph Robinette Biden, Jr., was born November 20, 1942, in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the first of four siblings. In 1953, the Biden family moved from Pennsylvania to Claymont, Delaware. He graduated from the University of Delaware and Syracuse Law School and served on the New Castle County Council. Then, at age 29, he became one of the youngest people ever elected to the United States Senate. Just weeks after the election, tragedy struck the Biden family when Biden's wife, Neilia and their one-year-old daughter, Naomi, were killed and their two young sons critically injured in an auto accident. Vice President Biden was sworn in to the U.S. Senate at his sons' hospital bedside and began commuting to Washington every day by train, a practice he maintained throughout his career in the Senate. In 1977, Vice President Biden married Jill Jacobs. Jill Biden, who holds a Ph.D. in Education, is a life-long educator and currently teaches at a community college in Northern Virginia. The Vice President’s son, Beau (1969-2015), was Delaware's Attorney General from 2007-2015 and a Major in the 261st Signal Brigade of the Delaware National Guard. He was deployed to Iraq in 2008-2009. The Vice President’s other son, Hunter, is an attorney who manages a private equity firm in Washington, D.C. and is Chairman of the World Food Program USA. And his daughter Ashley is a social worker and is Executive Director of the Delaware Center for Justice. Vice President Biden has five grandchildren: Naomi, Finnegan, Roberta Mabel (""Maisy""), Natalie, and Robert Hunter. As a Senator from Delaware for 36 years, Vice President Biden established himself as a leader in facing some of our nation's most important domestic and international challenges. As Chairman or Ranking Member of the Senate Judiciary Committee for 17 years, then-Senator Biden was widely recognized for his work on criminal justice issues, including the landmark 1994 Crime Law and the Violence Against Women Act. As Chairman or Ranking Member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee for 12 years, then-Senator Biden played a pivotal role in shaping U.S. foreign policy. He has been at the forefront of issues and legislation related to terrorism, weapons of mass destruction, post-Cold War Europe, the Middle East, and Southwest Asia. Now, as the 47th Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden has continued his leadership on important issues facing the nation. The Vice President was tasked with implementing and overseeing the $840 billion stimulus package in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, which has helped to rebuild our economy and lay the foundation for a sustainable economic future. The Vice President also leads the Ready to Work Initiative, the Administration’s key effort to identify opportunities to improve our nation’s workforce skills and training systems to help better prepare American workers for the jobs of a 21st century economy. The Vice President has continued to draw upon his years in the United States Senate to work with Congress on key issues including the 2013 reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. As a longtime advocate against sexual assault and domestic violence, the Vice President appointed the first-ever White House Advisor on Violence Against Women. The Vice President has also been tasked with convening sessions of the President’s Cabinet and leading interagency efforts, particularly to reduce gun violence and raise the living standards of middle class Americans in his role as Chair of the Middle Class Task Force. Vice President Biden has traveled to 48 states as part of the Administration’s continuing efforts to focus key priorities such as college affordability and American manufacturing growth. With decades of foreign policy experience in the United States Senate, include serving as Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Vice President Biden advises President Obama on international issues. The Vice President has been a leading architect of the U.S. strategic vision of a Europe whole, free and at peace. During his time in the Senate, the Vice President led the effort to enlarge NATO to include the former Warsaw Pact countries of Eastern and Central Europe after the collapse of the Iron Curtain. The Vice President’s speech at the Munich Security Conference in February 2015 laid out a vision for how to revitalize NATO, strengthen democratic institutions in Europe, prioritize investments to bolster energy security, and grow trade and investment ties across the Atlantic. The Vice President has been leading the administration’s effort to support a sovereign, democratic Ukraine, visiting the country three times in 2014. In the Middle East, the Vice President has been deeply involved in shaping U.S. policy toward Iraq, visiting the country several times. He has met with the leaders from around the Middle East and has championed Israel’s security. The Vice President has also played an active role in supporting the Administration’s rebalance to the Asia-Pacific. He has developed deep relationships with the region’s leaders, demonstrating U.S. commitment to high-level, face-to-face diplomacy. Vice President Biden is the Administration’s point person for diplomacy within the Western Hemisphere. He has worked to realize his vision of a Hemisphere that is “middle class, secure, and democratic, from Canada to Chile and everywhere in between.” In this capacity, the Vice President has led the Administration’s regional efforts to address economic, social, governance, and citizen security challenges. Vice President Biden has represented our country in every region of the world, traveling to more than two dozen countries including: Afghanistan, Belgium, Brazil, China, Colombia, Egypt, Germany, Guatemala, Israel, Japan, Kenya, Mexico, Pakistan, Poland, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Turkey, and Ukraine."
"Marc Benioff is Chairman, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Founder of Salesforce and a pioneer of cloud computing.    Under Benioff's leadership, Salesforce is the fastest-growing top-five enterprise software company and the #1 provider of Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software globally.    Benioff was named “Innovator of the Decade” by Forbes and is recognized as one of the World’s 25 Greatest Leaders by Fortune and one of the 10 Best-Performing CEOs by Harvard Business Review. For his leadership on equality, Benioff has been honored by GLAAD, the Billie Jean King Leadership Initiative and Variety Magazine with its EmPOWerment Award.    A member of the World Economic Forum (""WEF"") Board of Trustees, Benioff serves as the inaugural Chair of WEF's Forum Center for the Fourth Industrial Revolution in San Francisco.   Benioff received a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Southern California, where he is on its Board of Trustees."
"Sir Richard Branson is Founder of the Virgin Group. Virgin is one of the world’s most irresistible brands and has expanded into many diverse sectors from travel to telecommunications, health to banking and music to leisure. Through more than 100 companies worldwide, Virgin employs approximately 60,000 people in over 50 countries.    Branson has challenged himself with many record breaking adventures, including the fastest ever Atlantic Ocean crossing, a series of hot air balloon journeys and becoming the oldest person to kitesurf across the Channel. He has described Virgin Galactic, the world’s first commercial spaceline, as being “the greatest adventure of all”.   Since starting youth culture magazine Student aged 16, Branson has found entrepreneurial ways to provoke positive change in the world. In 2004 he established Virgin Unite, the non-profit foundation of the Virgin Group, which tackles tough social and environmental problems and strives to make business a force for good.."
"Mark Zuckerberg is the founder and CEO of Facebook, which he started in his college dorm room in 2004 with roomates Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes and from New York. Zuckerberg is responsible for setting the overall direction and product strategy for the company. He leads the design of Facebook's service and development of its core technology and infrastructure. Mark studied computer science at Harvard University before moving the company to Palo Alto, California. Earlier in life, Zuckerberg developed a music recommendation system called Synapse and a peer-to-peer client called Wirehog. However, he abandoned both to pursue new projects. Zuckerberg attended Harvard University and studied computer science before founding Facebook. While at Harvard, Zuckerberg created Facemash, a website that compared students' dorm photos side-by-side in a fashion similar to HOT or NOT. Harvard administration was not amused, and Zuckerberg faced subsequent disciplinary action. Less than three months later, he launched Facebook. In September 2010, Zuckerberg donated $100 million to the Newark Public School System to help renovate and revamp the system. Zuckerberg won the 2007 Crunchie Award for 'Best Startup CEO.' He was the Time Magazine 2010 Person Of The Year. He also won the 2012 Crunchie Award for CEO of the year."
Justin Mateen is an American internet entrepreneur who is the Founder and former CMO of Tinder. He is an early stage investor and company advisor to some of the most innovative tech companies in the world. Forbes has listed Mateen in Forbes 30 under 30 and Fast Company has listed him as one of the most creative people in business.
"Heading the Tata Group since 1991, Ratan Tata is the Chairman of Tata Sons, holding company of the Tata Group and major Group companies including Tata Motors, Tata Steel, Tata Consultancy Services, Tata Power and more. He is also Chairman of two of the largest private sector promoted philanthropic trusts in India. During his tenure, the Group has further expanded its global reach, with its revenues growing over eleven-fold to around USD$70 billion, after the most recent acquisition of Jaguar Land Rover.  Tata joined the Tata Group in December 1962. After serving in various companies, he was appointed the Director-in-Charge of the National Radio & Electronics Company Limited (Nelco) in 1971. In 1981, he was named Chairman of Tata Industries, the Group's other holding company, which he was responsible for transforming into the Group's strategy think-tank and a promoter of new ventures in high-technology businesses. He is associated with many organizations in India and abroad in varying capacities, some of which are the government of India’s Investment Commission, the Prime Minister’s Council on Trade and Industry, South Africa’s International Investment Council, several prestigious universities and several philanthropies.  Tata received a Bachelor of Science degree in architecture from Cornell University in 1962, and completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School in 1975. The government of India honored Tata with one of its highest civilian awards, the Padma Vibhushan, this year."
"Mukesh Ambani, Chairman & Managing Director of Reliance Industries Limited (RIL),  was born on April 19, 1957. His father Dhirubhai Ambani was then a small businessman who later on rose to become one of the legends of Indian industry. Mukesh Ambani did his Bachelors in Chemical Engineering from University of Bombay and Masters in Business Administration from Stanford University, USA.  Mukesh Ambani is the face of new emerging India. He is the Chairman and Managing Director of Reliance Industries Limited, India's largest private sector company. Mukesh Ambani joined Reliance in 1981 and was the brain behind Reliance's backward integration from textiles into polyester fibres and further into petrochemicals. During the process of backward integration, Mukesh Ambani led the creation of 51 new, world-class manufacturing facilities involving diverse technologies that raised Reliance's manufacturing capacities manifold.  Mukesh Ambani has many achievements and honours to his name. Mukesh Ambani was chosen as the ET Business leader of the Year 2006. He was ranked 42nd among the World's Most Respected Business Leaders and second among the four Indian CEOs featured in a survey conducted by PricewaterhouseCoopers and published in Financial Times, London, November 2004. He was conferred the World Communication Award for the Most Influential Person in Telecommunications in 2004 by Total Telecom, October, 2004. Mukesh Ambani was also conferred the Asia Society Leadership Award by the Asia Society, Washington D.C., USA, Mukesh Ambani is married to Nita Ambani and they have three children - Isha, Akash and Anant."
"Dylan Jack Burger (Burg) is the CEO at JUUL. He is previously president and chief operating officer of Chobani. Prior to his role at Chobani, Burns spent more than 12 years as a partner at TPG Capital, one of the world’s largest private equity investment firms. He has a bachelor of science degree from the University of Connecticut and an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. James MonseesFounder, CPO James has over 15 years of experience developing consumer products. He holds an M.S. in Product Design from Stanford and Bachelor Degrees in Physics and Studio Art from Kenyon College. Adam BowenFounder, CTO Adam has over 15 years of experience in consumer product design and 11 years of experience in tobacco product innovation. He holds a Master of Science in Product Design from Stanford University and a Bachelor of Arts in Physics from Pomona College. Ashley GouldChief Administrative Officer Ashley, who has over 18 years of legal and operational experience, including 12 years with both privately- and publicly-traded technology and biopharmaceutical companies, holds a J.D. from the University of San Francisco School of Law and a B.S. in Political Economy from the University of California at Berkeley."
Binny Bansal is an Indian software engineer and Internet entrepreneur. In 2007 he co-founded the e-commerce platform Flipkart with Sachin Bansal (not related) and was serving as the Chief Operating Officer until 11 January 2016 and was promoted to Chief Executive Officer. In January 2017 he was promoted to Group CEO of Flipkart. Binny is from Chandigarh and graduated from the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi with a degree in Computer Science and Engineering.
"Andrew Yang is an entrepreneur and author running for President as a Democrat in 2020. Andrew has worked in startups and early-stage growth companies as a founder or executive for almost twenty years. In 2011 he founded Venture for America, a national entrepreneurship fellowship that helped create almost 3,000 jobs in cities throughout the country. In his book The War on Normal People, he explains the mounting crisis of the automation of labor and makes the case for the Freedom Dividend, a Universal Basic Income of $1,000 a month for every American as well as other policies to progress to the next stage of capitalism. Andrew was named a Presidential Ambassador of Entrepreneurship under the Obama administration and a Champion of Change for his work with Venture for America."
"Ryan Kavanaugh is currently a principal of Proxima, a company that works on numerous unique film and entertainment finance structures. Proxima has 7 plus films currently in various stages of production. Previously, Kavanuagh was the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Relativity, a next-generation studio. The company is engaged in multiple aspects of entertainment, including film and television financing, production and distribution; music publishing; sports management and digital media. Kavanaugh is a highly successful producer and global expert in film finance. Under his leadership, Relativity has produced, distributed or structured financing for more than 200 motion pictures generating more than $17 billion in worldwide box-office revenue and earning 60 Oscar® nominations. Among the newest Relativity films Kavanaugh has produced or executive produced are McG’s Three Days to Kill, starring Kevin Costner; Scott Cooper’s Out of the Furnace, with Christian Bale and Zoe Saldana; and Luc Besson’s The Family, starring Robert De Niro, Michelle Pfeiffer and Tommy Lee Jones. Previous Relativity productions include Safe Haven, directed by Lasse Hallström; Mirror Mirror, starring Julia Roberts; Immortals, which grossed more than $225 million worldwide; Neil Burger’s thriller Limitless, starring Bradley Cooper; David O. Russell’s The Fighter, which earned seven Oscar nominations and won two; and David Fincher’s The Social Network (executive producer), which received eight Oscar nominations. Kavanaugh began his entertainment industry career as the architect of innovative slate-financing arrangements for a number of major studios. He crafted feature-film funding structures for Sony, Universal, Warner Bros. and others, introducing more than $10 billion in capital to the sector. Relativity evolved from a finance and production company into a full-fledged movie studio after Kavanaugh led its acquisition of Overture Films’ marketing and distribution operations in 2010. He further strengthened the studio’s distribution network by negotiating a first-of-its-kind television deal with Netflix, forging a strategic partnership with Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Mobile and Virgin Produced and overseeing the studio’s aggressive expansion into China."
"James Cramer founded TheStreet, Inc. with Martin Peretz in 1996. He is currently a Director and Markets Commentator. Cramer graduated magna cum laude from Harvard College, where he was President of The Harvard Crimson.  He then worked as a journalist at the Tallahassee Democrat and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner, covering everything from sports to homicide, before moving to New York to help start American Lawyer magazine.  After a three year stint, Cramer entered Harvard Law School and received his J.D. in 1984. Instead of practicing law, however, he joined Goldman Sachs, where he worked in sales and trading. In 1987 he left Goldman to start his own hedge fund. While he worked at his fund, he helped start Smart Money for Dow Jones and then in 1996, co-founded TheStreet. In 2000, he retired from active money management to embrace media full-time, including radio and television.  Currently, Cramer is a markets commentator for CNBC and TheStreet. In addition to his daily writing for TheStreet's RealMoney and Action Alerts PLUS, as well as his participation in various video segments on TheStreet TV, Cramer serves as host of CNBC's Mad Money television program.  Cramer is the author of ""Getting Back to Even,"" ""Confessions of a Street Addict,"" ""You Got Screwed,"" ""Jim Cramer's Real Money,"" and ""Jim Cramer's Mad Money"" and is a frequent contributor to New York magazine. He has been featured on 60 Minutes, Nightly News with Brian Williams, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, Late Night with Conan O'Brien, and Today with Katie Couric and Matt Lauer."
"Carmelo Kiyam Anthony, of the New York Knicks, is a nine time NBA All-Star and has been an All NBA team member six times. He has been a member of the United States Olympic men's national team three times, winning a bronze medal in 2004 and gold medals in 2008 and 2012. In 2012, Carmelo set the USA men's Olympic team record for most points in a single game when he scored 37 points against Nigeria. Carmelo was born in the Red Hook projects in Brooklyn, New York. He was born to a Puerto Rican father and an African American mother. His father, after whom he is named, died of cancer when Carmelo was two years old. When he turned eight, his family moved to Baltimore, where he honed not only his athletic skills, but also his survival skills. Sports would serve as an important diversion from the violence and drug dealing that were pervasive in the housing projects a few blocks from the homes of Carmelo and his friends. Carmelo attended Syracuse University.  In his freshman year, he led the Orangemen to their first ever National Championship and was named the NCAA Tournament's Most Outstanding Player. Carmelo also has a broad array of business interests.  With Stuart Goldfarb, he is co-founder and partner of Melo7 Tech Partners, LLC, which invests in and develops opportunities primarily in early stage digital media, consumer internet and technology ventures.  Stuart and Carmelo have also partnered in other ventures, including the award winning Vice Sports Clubhouse.    Carmelo is the owner of Puerto Rico’s only professional sports team, the Puerto Rico Football Club (PRFC), which plays in the North American Soccer League (NASL).  Carmelo is one of only three current NBA players who have a Jordan Brand signature shoe line."
Imran Khan is the Chief Strategy Officer at Snapchat.
"Ethan Brown is the founder of Beyond Meat and has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our board of directors since our inception in 2009. He also served as our Secretary since our inception to September 2018. Mr. Brown began his career with a focus on clean energy and the environment, serving as an energy analyst for the National Governors’ Center for Best Practices. He then joined Ballard Power Systems (NASDAQ: BLDP), a hydrogen fuel-cell company where he worked for several years, being promoted from an entry-level manager to reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer before leaving to found Beyond Meat. Mr. Brown also created and opened a center for fuel reformation and has held several industry positions, including Vice Chairman of the Board at The National Hydrogen Association and Secretary of the United States Fuel Cell Council. He is a Henry Crown Fellow at the Aspen Institute and, along with Beyond Meat, is the recipient of the United Nation’s highest environmental accolade, Champion of the Earth (2018). Mr. Brown holds a MBA from Columbia University and an MPP with a focus on Environment from the University of Maryland. We believe Mr. Brown’s strategic vision for the company and his expertise in technology and business operations makes him qualified to serve on our board."
"Satya Nadella is Chief Executive Officer of Microsoft.  Before being named CEO in February 2014, Nadella held leadership roles in both enterprise and consumer businesses across the company. Joining Microsoft in 1992, he quickly became known as a leader who could span a breadth of technologies and businesses to transform some of Microsoft’s biggest product offerings. Most recently, Nadella was executive vice president of Microsoft’s Cloud and Enterprise group. In this role he led the transformation to the cloud infrastructure and services business, which outperformed the market and took share from competition. Previously, Nadella led R&D for the Online Services Division and was vice president of the Microsoft Business Division. Before joining Microsoft, Nadella was a member of the technology staff at Sun Microsystems. Originally from Hyderabad, India, Nadella lives in Bellevue, Wash. He earned a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Mangalore University, a master’s degree in computer science from the University of Wisconsin – Milwaukee and a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Chicago. He is married and has three children."
"Sam Altman is the co-founder and CEO of OpenAI. Sam is also the Chairman of Y Combinator, a leading silicon valley startup accelerator."
"Gavin Newsom, 45, was elected as the 49th Lieutenant Governor of the State of California on November 2, 2010. His top priorities are economic development and job creation, fighting poverty, improving access to higher education, and maintaining California’s environmental leadership. He is the author of “Citizenville: How to Take the Town Square Digital and Reinvent Government,” which explores the intersection of democracy and technology in this ever-connected world. Before becoming Lieutenant Governor, Newsom served as Mayor of the City and County of San Francisco. After only 36 days as mayor, Newsom gained worldwide attention when he granted marriage licenses to same-sex couples. This bold move set the tone for Newsom’s first term. Under his energetic leadership, the economy grew and jobs were created. The City became a center for biotech and clean tech. He initiated a plan to bring universal health care to all of the City’s uninsured residents. And Newsom aggressively pursued local solutions to global climate change. Newsom is married to Jennifer Siebel Newsom. They have three children: Montana, Hunter and Brooklynn. "
"After completion of degree Sachin Bansal joined Techspan company where he has served for few months. In 2006, he joined Amazon.com India as Senior Software Engineer. Then he got Binny Bansal into the Amazon.com and after 6 months they both decided to leave Amazon.They initially thought of starting a comparison search engine, but realized that the market for E-commerce in India was very small. Hence, after leaving Amazon in 2007, they founded Flipkart as an E-commerce company. Sachin Bansal and his business partner Binny Bansal launched Flipkart from an apartment in Bangalore with 400,000 rupees ($6,500) cash. In 2007 during the early days of Flipkart Sachin Bansal and his business partner Binny Bansal used to deliver books across Bengaluru on their scooters and in October 2015 they showed up at the doorsteps of some customers, personally delivering goods in order to gain insights from the online buyers"
"Jack Dorsey is the creator, co-founder, and Chairman of Twitter and co-founder & CEO of Square. Originally from St. Louis, Jack's early fascination for mass-transit and how cities function led him to Manhattan and programming real-time messaging systems for couriers, taxis, and emergency vehicles.  Throughout this work, Jack witnessed thousands of workers in the field constantly updating where they were and what they were doing; Twitter is a constrained simplification designed for general usage and extended by the millions of people who make it their own every day.Jack was recognized as one of Time Magazine's 100 most influential people and was named an ""outstanding innovator under the age of 35"" by MIT's Technology Review."
"Roman Abramovich is a Russian businessman, investor and politician. He is the main owner of the private investment company Millhouse LLC and owner of Chelsea Football Club, an English Premier League football team. According to Forbes, Abramovich's net worth in 2015, was US$ 9.1 billion (2015). This makes him the 12th richest person in Russia and the 137th richest person in the world."
"Created the Mule Project, Founded MuleSoft, gone public (MULE:NYSE). Work on their product direction, vision and strategy. Active investor and advisor."
"In 1991, Reed founded Pure Software, which made tools for software developers. After a 1995 IPO, and several acquisitions, Pure was acquired by Rational Software in 1997.   Reed is an active educational philanthropist and served on the California State Board of Education from 2000 to 2004. He is currently on the board of several educational organizations including CCSA, DreamBox Learning, KIPP, and Pahara, and the Hispanic Foundation of Silicon Valley.   Reed is also a board member of Facebook, and was on the board of Microsoft from 2007 to 2012.   Reed received a BA from Bowdoin College in 1983, and an MSCS in Artificial Intelligence from Stanford University in 1988. Between Bowdoin and Stanford, Reed served in the Peace Corps as a high school math teacher in Swaziland. Reed is married with two children."
"Oprah Winfrey is an American talk show host, actress, producer and philanthropist.  She is best known for her multi award willing talk show, The Oprah Winfrey show.  She started at Nashville's WLAV-TV and in so doing became the youngest news anchor at the station. In 1976, she moved to Baltimore's WJZ-TV to co-anchor the six o'clock news. In January 1984, Winfrey moved to Chicago to host ""A.M. Chicago"" for WLS-TV. In less than a year, the show expanded to one hour and was renamed The Oprah Winfrey Show. It entered national syndication in 1986, becoming the highest-rated talk show in television history. In 1988, she established Harpo Studios, a production facility in Chicago, making her the third woman in the American entertainment industry (after Mary Pickford and Lucille Ball) to own her own studio. A year later, The Oprah Winfrey Show was broadcast nationally, and quickly became the number one talk show in national syndication. In 1987, its first year of eligibility, the show received three Daytime Emmy Awards in the categories of Outstanding Host, Outstanding Talk/Service Program and Outstanding Direction. The following year, the show received its second consecutive Emmy as Outstanding Talk/Service Program, and Oprah herself received the International Radio and Television Society's ""Broadcaster of the Year"" Award. She was the youngest person ever to receive the honor.  Oprah made her acting debut in 1985, when she starred in Steven Spielberg's 'The Color Purple'. Her performance in the film earned her an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and nominations for a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress. er love of acting and her desire to bring quality entertainment projects into production prompted her to form her own production company, Harpo Productions, Inc., in 1986. Today, Harpo is a formidable force in film and television production, as well as magazine publishing and the Internet. In 1988, Harpo Productions, Inc. acquired ownership and all production responsibilities for The Oprah Winfrey Show from Capitol Cities/ABC, making Oprah Winfrey the first woman in history to own and produce her own talk show.  Oprah Winfrey's business interests have extended well beyond her own production company. She is one of the partners in Oxygen Media, Inc., a cable channel and interactive network presenting programming designed primarily for women. With her success, she has also become one of the world's most generous philanthropists. In 2000, Oprah's Angel Network began presenting a $100,000 ""Use Your Life Award"" to people who are using their own lives to improve the lives of others. She now publishes two magazines, O, The Oprah Magazine, and O at Home. The launch of her first magazine was the most successful start-up in the history of the industry. When Forbes published its list of America's billionaires for the year 2003, it disclosed that Oprah Winfrey was the first African-American woman to become a billionaire.  In a 2010 interview on the Larry King program at the end of that year, she announced her decision to end her run on The Oprah Winfrey Show. The final broadcast took place on May 25, 2011, after 24 seasons and over 5,000 broadcasts. The end of the syndicated program was not the end of Oprah Winfrey's broadcasting career. She now hosts a nightly program, Oprah's Lifeclass, on the Oprah Winfrey Network."
Rohit Bansal is a COO at Snapdeal.
"Sriharsha Majety is the Co-Founder and CEO at Swiggy. He is a former Co-Founder of Bundl and Associate at Nomura International. Mr. Majety graduated received a B.E. in Electrical and Electronics and an M.Sc. in Physics at Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani."
"Sebastian Gunningham is senior vice president of Amazon Marketplace, which includes Marketplace Seller Services, Fulfillment by Amazon, Amazon Payments, and the consumer website. Prior to joining Amazon in 2007, he was CEO of Peace Software, where he led the turnaround and sale of the company to First Data. Gunningham was previously a vice president at Apple Computer, responsible for worldwide enterprise sales for the hardware and software lines. Prior to Apple, he spent 13 years at Oracle, holding titles from product manager to senior vice president and with responsibilities including leading consulting and sales organizations to running the operations of various countries and regions of the world."
"Brian is the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer at Airbnb. Brian drives the company's vision, strategy and growth as it provides interesting and unique ways for people to travel and changes the lives of its community. Under Brian's leadership, Airbnb stands at the forefront of the sharing economy and has expanded to over 1,000,000 listings in 190 countries.  Brian met co-founder Joe Gebbia at the Rhode Island School of Design where he received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Industrial Design."
"If you are reading this you have been influenced by him some kind of way and you possibly don't even know it.  In the near future he will change the way people talk, text, and type simply by using acronyms.  You will never look at a normal word the same.  Torrance Harris is the founder of ""Acrochat"", (www.acrochat.com) formerly known as Seclang (Second Language) it's the world's only acronym based social network.  He noticed the internet world consisted of a language that would eventually be used in everyday communication. Torrance explains, ""every social network does the same thing which consist of connecting people but Acrochat is the only social network that gives users the option to change the way you communicate using an embedded language that is built off the premise of acronyms"".    During the development & testing phase of Acrochat Torrance created this ""internet chatbot persona"" that involved his social engineering and marketing skills.  It allowed him to attract people to join his social site and once joining they would convince friends to sign up.  This allowed Acrochat to grow to 30,000 users off simple ""word of mouth"".  In 2019 he created an agenda based social networking website called ""Graapevine"", and co-founded a dating app entitled ""Petty.Chat"" with his cousin/advisor Alisha Moore.  Graapevine and Petty.Chat will not be released to the public until the 2nd quarter of 2019.   Spending 4 years in college only to obtain an associates degree in mechanical engineering technology, he felt school was a waste of his time and there was something bigger for him in the world.  He applied and received his first business license in 1998 starting a video game repair company called Game Over Enterprise.  His knowledge of disrupting the internet started in the early 2000's hanging out in the hacker's lounge on yahoo messenger where he first experienced the power and danger of DDOS programs.  He also says in the AOL & Yahoo messenger days he looks at himself as being one of the creators of what is now called catfishing and trolling.  He had a brief stint in the music industry managing his main artist who was his brother.  Torrance wanted the album sales to grow rapidly so he searched for a glitch in the recording industry network and found it.  He purchased bar-codes from GS1 US (https://www.gs1us.org/) formerly know as Uniform Code Council and he hacked the numbers associated with obtained bar-codes.  Consumers would purchase his brother's cd in store consisting of only 2 songs for $0.50 and once the store scanned the bar-code it would credit and register as a full album sale from Nielsen SoundScan.  His brother's album sales increased making him #3 in sales in some stores in Memphis.  He hired an Manhattan attorney Anthony Arther (www.artherlaw.com) to represent his label where they had meetings with Badboy, Interscope, etc. but to no avail a deal was ever made.    In 2004, he exploited a Sony PlayStation glitch simply using a router w/ yahoo email MP3s attached to knock their game servers offline. Glitching his online internet enemies he saw it as fun to counter against cheaters. In 2010 he disrupted top music mixtape website Datpiff.com, changing artists user stats and giving them more views and more recognition and leaving his number for DatPiff CEO to call him so he could discuss how vulnerable his website was.   He has worked for companies such as Sharp Electronics, Microsoft XBox Division, Amazon, FedEx, and Beckman Coulter.  He owned an ATM repair company ATM Geek that was notarized by FedEx and he served on Fed Ex Mobile Council Board.   Retired from his days of being one of the first and self-proclaimed internet trolls, Torrance main focus is his family and making sure his social networking sites are used for fun and not evil.  He will tell you all the years of what he was doing he considered real life research & development to find out how vulnerable things are and eventually finding a solution to make them stronger."
"Shawn Boday is a seasoned entrepreneur who has started a number of companies over the past several decades. Shawn Boday currently serves as Founder and Owner of Perday LLC, a successful real estate holding company. What once started from a single building investment,  has grown to an investment of thousands of apartment units and commercial units located across the states of Washington and Idaho. Shawn Boday has plans to expand Perday LLC's investments into other states in the near future. Shawn Boday attended the University of Washington in the pursuit of Computer Science before entering into the entrepreneurial world. When Shawn Boday is not hard at work, you can find him outside and being active. Self-described as an avid snowboarder, Shawn, and his family spend much of their times hitting the slopes"
"Reid joined Greylock Partners in 2009. He focuses on building products that can reach hundreds of millions of participants and businesses that have network effects. An accomplished entrepreneur and executive, Reid has played an integral role in building many of today’s leading consumer technology businesses, including LinkedIn and PayPal. He possesses a unique understanding of consumer behavior and the dynamics of viral businesses, as well as deep experience in driving companies from the earliest stages through periods of explosive, “blitzscale” growth. Ranging from Linkedin to PayPal, from Airbnb to Convoy to Facebook, Reid invests in businesses with network effects and collaborates on building their product ecosystems. Reid co-founded LinkedIn, the world’s largest professional networking service, in 2003. LinkedIn is thriving with more than 500 million members around the world and a diversified revenue model that includes subscriptions, advertising, and software licensing. He led LinkedIn through its first four years and to profitability as Chief Executive Officer. Prior to LinkedIn, Reid served as executive vice president at PayPal, where he was also a founding board member. Reid is an accomplished investor. He currently serves on the boards of Airbnb, Aurora, Coda, Convoy, Entrepreneur First, Gixo, Microsoft, Nauto, Xapo and a few early stage companies still in stealth. In addition, he serves on a number of not-for-profit boards, including Kiva, Endeavor, CZI Biohub and Do Something. Prior to joining Greylock, he angel invested in many influential Internet companies, including Facebook, Flickr, Last.fm, and Zynga. Reid is the co-author of two New York Times best-selling books: The Start-up of You and The Alliance. His next book is focused on “blitzscaling”, based on his Stanford course of the same name. Reid is the host of the podcast, Masters of Scale. Reid earned a master’s degree in philosophy from Oxford University, where he was a Marshall Scholar, and a bachelor’s degree with distinction in symbolic systems from Stanford University. In 2010 he was the recipient of an SD Forum Visionary Award and named a Henry Crown Fellow by The Aspen Institute. In 2012, he was honored by the Martin Luther King center’s Salute to Greatness Award. Also in 2012, he received the David Packard Medal of Achievement from TechAmerica and an honorary doctor of law from Babson University. In 2017, Reid was appointed as a CBE by her majesty Queen Elizabeth II."
"Paul Graham is a co-founder of Y Combinator, a startup accelerator in Mountain View, California. He is also a programmer, venture capitalist, and essayist.   Graham is the author of On Lisp (1993), ANSI Common Lisp (1995), and Hackers & Painters (2004). In 1995, he and Robert Morris started Viaweb, the first ASP, which in 1998 became Yahoo! Store. In 2002, he discovered a simple spam filtering algorithm that inspired the current generation of filters.   Graham has obtained a Bachelor of Arts in philosophy from Cornell University. He earned an M.S. and a Ph.D. in Applied Sciences with specialization in computer sciences from Harvard University, and studied painting at Rhode Island School of Design and the Accademia di Belle Arti in Florence."
"Kimberly ""Kim"" Kardashian West (born Kimberly Noel Kardashian; October 21, 1980) is an American television and social media personality, socialite, fashion designer, businesswoman, model, and actress."
"Taavet Hinrikus is co-founder and CEO of TransferWise. Prior to starting TransferWise, Taavet was Skype’s director of strategy until 2008, starting as its first-ever employee. One of the World Economic Forum's Tech Pioneers, Taavet is an adviser to Prime Minister of Estonia on the digital agenda. He’s also a mentor and angel investor; his investments include Tweetdeck, Mendeley, OMGPOP, Property Partner, Sunrise, Improbable and Mapillary."
"Kevin Durant is a 12-year NBA veteran who plays for the Brooklyn Nets.  He is a 2x NBA Champion and Finals MVP; having also won an NBA MVP Award, four NBA scoring titles, two Olympic gold medals, two NBA All-Star Game MVP Awards, and an NBA Rookie of the Year Award. He is also a ten-time NBA All-Star.    Off the court, Durant is co-founder and partner of Thirty Five Ventures. Thirty Five Ventures includes his diverse investment portfolio, including companies such as Postmates, Acorns, Overtime, & Coinbase; the media and creative development arm; and the Kevin Durant Charity Foundation.   Projects under the Thirty Five Ventures umbrella include the sports business vertical “The Boardroom,” in partnership with ESPN, which examines the ins and outs of sports business and illuminates the world of sports far beyond what fans ordinarily see. Kevin also served as an executive producer on Fox Sports Films’ “Q Ball,” which premiered at the San Francisco International Film Festival in Spring 2019. Upcoming projects include the scripted series “SWAGGER” with Imagine Entertainment and Apple. Last fall also saw the opening of The Durant Center in Suitland, Maryland, the Kevin Durant Charity Foundation’s college pipeline program in conjunction with College Track."
"Larry Ellison is executive chairman of Oracle Corporation and chief technology officer. He founded the company in 1977 and served as CEO until September 2014. He also races sailboats, flies planes, and plays tennis and guitar."
"For more than two decades, multi-platinum entertainment icon Snoop Dogg has raised the bar as a global entertainer and innovator. With more than 35 million albums sold worldwide, Snoop Dogg continues to pave the way in the entertainment industry, serving as a mentor to new and established artists.    From his YouTube original series “GGN News,” to his investments in tech companies like Secret, Reddit and Robinhood, to his philanthropic work with the Snoop Youth Football League, Snoop’s successful ventures within music, film, fashion, television and technology set him apart as a cultural icon."
Justin Timberlake is a pop star and actor. Timberlake became famous in the 1990s as the lead singer of the boy band 'N Sync. Most recently Timberlake played [Sean Parker](http://www.crunchbase.com/person/sean-parker) in The Social Network released in the movie theaters in 2010.
"John Kobs is the CEO and co-founder of Apartment List, a rental marketplace in the United States. Prior to this, John also co-founded Auto List where he served as a chairman for over five years. John earned his bachelors degree in management and finance from Case Western Reserve Univserty."
"Dan Gilbert is Founder and Chairman of Quicken Loans  Inc., the nation’s second largest mortgage lender. He is also Founder  and Chairman of Rock Ventures LLC, the umbrella entity for his portfolio  of business and real estate investments, and majority owner of the NBA  Cleveland Cavaliers. Rock Ventures and its more than 110 affiliated  companies across the country employ more than 25,000 team members. Since 2013, Detroit-based Quicken Loans closed $200 billion in home  loan volume across all 50 states, and in 2015, for the sixth consecutive  year, earned J.D. Power’s highest rating for customer satisfaction  among all U.S. home loan lenders. Quicken Loans is No. 1 on  Computerworld magazine’s “100 Best Places to Work in IT” and has been  named one of FORTUNE Magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” for 12  consecutive years. Dan is also a shareholder in several sports-related consumer and  technology businesses, including a leading wall graphics company  (Fathead), electronic ticketing company (Flash Seats) and innovative  sports equipment helmet maker (Xenith). In 2008, Dan acquired One  Reverse Mortgage. The company specializes in products that allow  homeowners, 62 years and older, the opportunity to convert some of the  equity in their homes into tax-free money. One Reverse Mortgage is now  the largest retail reverse mortgage lender in the country. Dan began moving his Family of Companies to Detroit’s central  business district in 2010 in an effort to help lead the transformation  of a great American city. In January 2010, Dan co-founded Bedrock Real  Estate Services, a full-service real estate firm specializing in  purchasing, leasing, financing, developing and managing commercial space  based in downtown Detroit. Since then, he has invested more than $1.8  billion to purchase and renovate more than 80 commercial properties  accounting for more than 13 million square feet in the city’s urban  core. Thousands of jobs have been created, and today more than 15,000  Rock Ventures team members work in downtown Detroit. Dan founded Rock Gaming, a developer and owner of unique urban  casinos in Cleveland, Cincinnati and Baltimore. The company acquired  Detroit’s Greektown Casino-Hotel in April 2013. In March 2013, Rock Ventures, in collaboration with the Downtown  Detroit Partnership and Detroit Economic Growth Corporation, unveiled  and implemented a visionary placemaking and retail plan centered on  creating activity and vibrant, distinct destinations to draw people to  the region using a multifaceted approach to the planning, design and  management of public spaces. Dan is a Founder and Principal of Detroit Venture Partners (DVP), a  venture capital firm that funds startup and early-stage technology  companies in Detroit. He is also a Founding Partner of Detroit-based  private equity group Rockbridge Growth Equity LLC, which invests in  growing businesses in the financial services, Internet technology,  consumer-direct marketing and the sports and entertainment industries  across the United States. In September 2013, Dan was named co-chair of the Blight Removal Task  Force. The group, appointed by the Obama Administration, published a  detailed plan in May 2014 to remove all blighted structures and lots in  the city of Detroit. He also serves as Vice Chairman of the M-1 RAIL  initiative, which began construction in July 2014. The 6.6-mile light  rail system is designed to spur economic development and improve  downtown and midtown Detroit’s transportation infrastructure. In 2007,  Dan founded Bizdom, a nonprofit entrepreneurial accelerator that trains,  mentors and finances business builders in their startup enterprises in  Detroit and Cleveland. Dan serves on the boards of the Cleveland Clinic, the Washington  D.C.-based Children’s National Medical Center and the Children’s Tumor  Foundation, which is focused on finding a cure for the genetic disorder  neurofibromatosis. He earned his bachelor’s degree from Michigan State University and his law degree from Wayne State University."
"An expert at overseeing large scale complex engagements across technology platforms, manages a vast network of human capital spanning countries / languages, has traveled the globe."
"Bhavish graduated with a B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering from IIT Bombay in 2008 and worked at Microsoft Research for 2 years after that, filing 2 patents and publishing 3 papers in International Journals. Sensing the need to change the way transportation is consumed in India and create a choice of reliable personal transportation in a country that's as unique as India, Bhavish quit his job in August 2010 to start Ola!  Within 3 years, Ola is India's largest network of personal transportation options and also the most popular app amongst customers and users in over 22 cities of its operations.  Bhavish was featured as one of Hindustan Times’ 30 Achievers under 30 as well as in the Forbes India list of 30 under 30."
"Mr. Kalyan Krishnamurthy is the CEO of Flipkart. Prior to joining Flipkart, Mr. Krishnamurthy served as the Director of Finance and Portfolio Companies at Tiger Global Management. Prior to Tiger Global, Mr. Krishnamurthy held various senior positions such as Director of Financial Planning and Analysis at eBay Asia-Pacific and Country Finance Director (South-east Asia, Hong Kong) at eBay. He worked at Procter & Gamble. Mr. Krishnamurthy holds an MBA degree from Asian Institute of Management, the Philippines, and another MBA in Finance from UIUC College of Business, Illinois (US)."
"Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger is an Austrian-American actor, filmmaker, businessman, investor, author."

"Charles Songhurst  is a founding partner of Katana Capital, a long-short equity hedge fund. He also runs the Songhurst Group, which holds assets in a variety of private companies. Charles ran corporate strategy for Microsoft and focused on partnering and M&A. He was involved in the Yahoo acquisition and commercial deal, and the Skype acquisition. Before running corporate strategy, Charles was focused on the emergence of Google and the growth of the search industry. Prior, Charles was an analyst at McKinsey & Company in London. Charles received a bachelor’s degree from Oxford University in politics, philosophy, and economics."
"Jason McCabe Calacanis hosts ""This Week In Startups"", part of LAUNCH Media and is the founder and CEO of Inside.com. Previously, he was an ""Entrepreneur in Action"" at Sequoia Capital, Silicon Valley’s leading venture capital firm, a position he held since December 2006. Calacanis co-founded and was the CEO of Weblogs, Inc., a network of popular weblogs that was sold to AOL in November 2005. Upon joining AOL, he was appointed senior vice president. In addition, he was named general manager of AOL's Netscape and was responsible for the July 2006 relaunch of the iconic browser as a social bookmarking news site. Prior to forming Weblogs Inc., Calacanis was the founder of Rising Tide Studios, a media company that published the magazines Silicon Alley Reporter and Digital Coast Reporter. The flagship publication later became Venture Reporter, a venture capital database, and was sold to Dow Jones. Calacanis is from Brooklyn, NY and currently resides in Los Angeles and New York with his wife and bulldog. He received a B.A. in psychology from Fordham University. Calacanis is known for his transparency and insights into the internet and media industries. (Source: [This Week In](http://thisweekinstartups.com/about/))"
"CEH, CCNA, CPTE, CISSP, CISSMP, MBA Founder of the Innotech Network, Hacker House, Pinksheet Database, and Proxsey London. Cyber security expert. Tech geek, producer, adventure seeker, & secret hero. Hot on video content and data visualization. Looking for game changing technology to rock the world with. Producer. Adventure seeker. Known to be quite entrepreneurial and passionate. Doubles as occasional secret hero. Loves to laugh and enjoys anyone with a good story to show and tell."
Ming-Chi Kuo was an analyst at KGI Securities.
"Muilenburg has served as Chief Executive Officer of The Boeing Company since July 2015 and as President since December 2013, having previously served as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer from December 2013 to July 2015.  Prior to that, he served as Boeing Executive Vice President and President and Chief Executive Officer, Boeing Defense, Space & Security from September 2009 to December 2013. Muilenburg also serves on the board of Caterpillar, Inc. Muilenburg is Chair of the Special Programs Committee."
"Marcelo Claure is President, Chairman & CEO of Brightstar Corporation, the world’s largest specialized wireless distributor and a leading provider of services to the wireless industry.  Personally, Marcelo has received international recognition for his entrepreneurial skills and innovative spirit. He has received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award and has also been named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum, among other honors. Marcelo holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics and Finance and an honorary Doctorate of Commercial Science from Bentley University in Waltham, Massachusetts.  Marcelo is Vice Chairman of Barcelona’s Mobile World Capital Advisory Board. Similarly, he was appointed by Governor Charlie Crist to serve on Florida International University’s Board of Trustees. Marcelo also serves on the Advisory Board of Harvard University’s Kennedy School of Government’s Latino Leadership Initiative and on the Board of Directors and Executive Committee of CTIA (Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association). A native of La Paz, Bolivia, Marcelo lives in Miami with his wife, Jordan, and has four children"
"Tom Herman has over 15 years of start-up experience leading technical strategy, software architecture, fund raising and mergers and acquisitions of technical assets. Tom currently serves as the CEO of DashBid Media, LLC. Previously he was the VP for Product Marketing at ooVoo Inc, a web 2.0 online video company with leading products in video chat, video conferencing, and video social networking. At ooVoo he was responsible for product design and development strategy. Previously, Mr. Herman served as the COO and Vice President for Product Strategy at Jump TV, the world's online television broadcaster and a KIT Capital portfolio company. In his role at JumpTV, he was responsible for building out Jump TV's New York City offices, setting up off-shore engineering resources, CRM systems, and launching versions 2.0 and 3.0 of JumpTV's video broadcasting products. He was also responsible for all of JumpTV's online marketing initiatives including SEO, SEM, affiliate marketing and social networking strategies. Prior to co-founding Recognition Group, Tom was the co-founder, and Chief Technology Officer of govWorks, Inc., a NY-based company that pioneered the global e-government marketplace. It was documented in the film ""StartUp.com"". The govWorks transaction-processing middleware products web-enable state and local government transactions such as traffic infractions and tax payments, business and recreational permit applications, government records retrieval and voter registration. Under Mr. Herman's guidance, the firm designed, built, and launched the proprietary e-commerce payment engine to serve the $500 billion municipal payments market and a government resource portal rated ""Best of the Best"" by Forbes Magazine. As CTO, he also led govWorks through the due diligence process examining dozens of acquisition candidates, resulting in several consummated corporate acquisitions. He was also responsible for forging enterprise-wide technical and product development partnerships, including those with American Management Systems and Arthur Andersen. Tom has remained involved with the community of entrepreneurs both through speaking engagements and through my turnaround and insolvency work with Recognition Group.  His talks generally focus on the challenges of entrepreneurship, managing crisis when an entrepreneurial endeavor unravels, maximizing the return to investors in an insolvency, and the case study of lessons learned from govWorks.com Mr. Herman graduated from Bates College with a degree in Psychology and Computer Science"
"Born on October 25, 1944 into a rural family where both parents were school teachers, Ren Zhengfei spent his primary and middle school years in a remote mountainous town in Guizhou Province. In 1963, he studied at the Chongqing Institute of Civil Engineering and Architecture. After graduation, he was employed in the civil engineering industry until 1974 when he joined the military's Engineering Corps as a soldier tasked to establish the Liao Yang Chemical Fiber Factory.  Subsequently, Ren had taken positions as a Technician, an Engineer, and was lastly promoted as a Deputy Director, which was a professional role equivalent to a Deputy Regimental Chief, but without military rank.  Because of his outstanding performance,Ren was invited to attend the National Science Conference in 1978 and the 12th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in 1982. Ren Zhengfei retired from the army in 1983 when the Chinese government disbanded the entire Engineering Corps. He then worked in the logistics service base of the Shenzhen South Sea Oil Corporation. As he was dissatisfied with his job, he decided to establish Huawei with a capital of CNY21000 in 1987. He became the CEO of Huawei in 1988 and has held the title ever since."
"Karlie Elizabeth Kloss  is an American fashion model. Models.com ranks Kloss as a supermodel. Vogue Paris declared her one of the top 30 models of the 2000s. She was a Victoria's Secret Angel from 2013-2015. In 2016, Kloss started Kode with Klossy, a summer camp that provides scholarships to teach young girls how to code."
"Paul Buchheit co-founded social network aggregator [FriendFeed](/organization/friendfeed), along with three other former [Google](/organization/google) employees. He is also an investor in FriendFeed and participated in a $5 million Series A round in February 2008. He was the 23rd employee at Google, where he created [Gmail](/product/gmail) and implemented many of its innovative features. He developed the original prototype of [Google AdSense](/product/google-adsense), and was responsible for Google's famous ""Don't be evil"" motto in a meeting."
"J.B. Pritzker founded Pritzker Group Venture Capital in 1996 and grew it into is the largest technology venture investor between the coasts. Having served on numerous startup and late stage company boards, Pritzker has advised and helped build dozens of successful game-changing technology companies. Mr. Pritzker is a recognized entrepreneurial leader advocating a stronger national technology sector focus as a driver of the US economy. He founded 1871, one of the world’s leading incubators, and served as the founding chairman of ChicagoNEXT, Chicago’s council on innovation and technology. In that capacity, he led the first Chicago Venture Summit and participated in the creation of MATTER, Chicago’s co-working space for entrepreneurs in healthcare IT, medical devices, diagnostics and biopharma. He played an important role in the creation of the Illinois Venture Capital Association, the nation’s top regional private equity association, and the Chicagoland Entrepreneurial Center, the leading regional advocate for entrepreneurs. He also co-founded Chicago Ventures (f.k.a. I2A Fund) and funded the startup of Techstars Chicago. Pritzker has won numerous business awards, including EY’s Master Entrepreneur of the Year Award, ACG’s Lifetime Achievement Award, Tech Investor of the Year by the Moxie Awards, Entrepreneur Champion by the Chicagoland Entrepreneurial Center, and numerous awards from Young Presidents Organization. Mr. Pritzker earned an A.B. in political science from Duke University and a J.D. from the Northwestern University School of Law. He lives in Chicago with his wife, M.K., and their two children."
"Gwyneth Paltrow is one of today’s most prolific and celebrated actors in both television and film. Additionally, Paltrow continues to develop her lifestle brand: Goop; wellness advice, clean beauty, fashion & home. A testament to her undeniable acting talent is Paltrow’s role in Shakespeare in Love that catapulted her into awards stardom with Best Actress honors at the Golden Globes, Screen Actors Guild Awards, and Academy Awards. In 2011. Gwyneth Paltrow was also honored with an Emmy Award for Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her role as substitute teacher Holly Holiday on Fox’s smash-hit musical series Glee.  In 2013, Paltrow published her second cookbook, It’s All Good, which joined her first-ever cookbook, My Father’s Daughter (published April 2011), on the New York Times Best Sellers list. She first established her credibility in the culinary field when she cowrote Spain, A Culinary Road Trip with acclaimed chef Mario Batali."
"Nancy Pelosi is the Democratic Leader of the U.S. House of Representatives for the 113th Congress.  From 2007 to 2011, Pelosi served as Speaker of the House, the first woman to do so in American history.  In October 2013, she was inducted into the National Women’s Hall of Fame at a ceremony in Seneca Falls, the birthplace of the American women’s rights movement. For 27 years, Pelosi has represented San Francisco, California’s 12th District, in the Congress.  She has led House Democrats for more than a decade and previously served as House Democratic Whip. As the Democratic Leader for the 113th Congress, Pelosi is focused on strengthening the middle class through job creation reforming the political system, enacting comprehensive immigration reform, and empowering America’s women and families. Under the leadership of Pelosi, the 111th Congress was heralded as “one of the most productive Congresses in history” by Congressional scholar, Norman Ornstein. President Barack Obama called Speaker Pelosi “an extraor..."
"Denise Hamet has 25 years of experience in public and private sector in community and economic development, real estate, banking, city planning, and defense. She is known for identifying solutions and moving barriers through hard work and devotion. She has an instinct for connecting the right people and the right resources to achieve results. Denise is passionate about serving her community, especially in regard to housing, food access, the arts, historical preservation, educational support, and workforce connections. As Executive Director of Homebase, she provided advocacy, training, networking and operational support to Community Development Corporation (CDC) members throughout the Greater Cincinnati region. She increased pass-through funding, developed new internal training programs, expanded advocacy for key community support measures, expanded membership and external outreach, improved member communication, completed a comprehensive rebranding campaign and developed a new website, and improved accounting practices. Denise has a proven track record of attracting investments. As an Economic Development Director for the City of Middletown, she attracted investment across multiple property types, including over $1.2 billion in office and industrial development, and the $36 million AK Steel Research Center and $630 million NTE Energy Plant. In addition to community and economic development roles, she has held highly responsible positions with leading entities such as The Irvine Company, City of Irvine, and Keybank. She also completed a variety of real estate advisory projects in Kentucky and Ohio while at the former boutique real estate advisory firm, Property Advisors. Ms. Hamet graduated with Honors, earning her Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Arizona, and her Master of Business Administration from Arizona State University. She is passionate about promoting female leadership through the Commercial Real Estate Women and serves on the CREW Past President’s Advisory Committee. As past President of CREW, she expanded outreach, directed a comprehensive update of the strategic plan, organized the first Midwest Regional Conference, led the creation of a new website, and expanded media publicity. She is also a board member of the Sorg Opera House Revitalization Group, and volunteers with Habitat for Humanity."
"Ritesh started his business career at 17, backpacking around the country, living in budget accommodations. This sparked the idea of OYO, a global-first business developed in India. Driven by a fevered energy only start-ups can have, Ritesh scaled OYO from 5 cities in December 2014 to 200 cities in 2015. Ritesh was the first resident Indian to be awarded the Peter Thiel Fellowship."
"1994, graduate, McGill University; graduate, Education Programme, University of British Columbia. Teacher, advocate and leader. Former schoolteacher, teaching mostly French and math, Vancouver. 2002, returned to Montreal. Speaker at conferences and various events on youth and environmental issues; former Chair, Katimavik, speaking to young people about the value of community service and volunteerism; former Member of the Board, Canadian Avalanche Foundation, promoting avalanche safety. Speaking with young people across the country, led to gravitating toward a life of advocacy, especially on issues young Canadians care about - education, the environment, their generation's economic prospects - which needed a stronger voice in the public sphere; also began to feel that a generational change was approaching. 2008, elected to House of Commons, representing Papineau, Montreal; re-elected in 2011 and 2015. 2013, elected Leader of the Liberal Party; focused leadership on building the team and the plan to create growth that works for the middle class, and fair economic opportunity for everyone; on respect for and promotion of freedom and diversity; and on a more democratic government that represents all of Canada. October 2015, led party to victory, winning a majority government with seats in every province and territory across the country. Since November 2015, Prime Minister of Canada."
Angela Dorothea Merkel is a German politician and a former research scientist who has been the leader of the Christian Democratic Union since 2000 and the Chancellor of Germany since 2005. She is the first woman to hold either office.

"Elon co-founded Tesla and continues to oversee the company's product strategy -- including the design, engineering and manufacturing of more and more affordable electric vehicles for mainstream consumers. As Chairman and Product Architect, he helped design the ground-breaking Tesla Roadster, for which he won an Index and a Global Green award, the latter presented by Mikhail Gorbachev. In October 2008, he took on the additional responsibility of CEO, overseeing daily operations as the company was ramping up Roadster production and accelerating the development of its second vehicle, the Model S. Elon launched Tesla's regional sales and service centers across two continents and in May 2009 secured a $50 million investment and strategic partnership from Germany's Daimler. He spearheaded a successful cost-down program that enabled Tesla to achieve profitability in July 2009. He guides development of the Model S, the all-electric family sedan that is produced at the Tesla Factory in Northern California. Elon has been fascinated by electric cars for two decades. After earning bachelor's degrees in physics and business from the University of Pennsylvania, he worked briefly on ultracapacitors at Pinnacle Research in Silicon Valley to understand their potential as an energy storage mechanism for EVs. He planned to do graduate studies at Stanford in materials science and applied physics but put school on hold to start Internet companies Zip2 and PayPal. In addition to his Tesla duties, he serves as CEO and CTO of SpaceX, and he's Chairman of SolarCity."
"President and Chief Executive Officer since March 2015. Corporate Senior Executive Vice President and Global Chief Brand Officer from May 2014 through February 2015. Corporate Executive Vice President and Global Chief Brand Officer from June 2013 through April 2014. Chief Executive Officer of Wagamama Limited from September 2012 through May 2013. Chief Executive Officer of PizzaExpress Limited from September 2011 to September 2012.  Prior to September 2011, Easterbrook served in a number of roles with the Company. From December 2010 to September 2011, he held the position of President, McDonald's Europe. and from September 2010 to December 2010, he served as Corporate Executive Vice President and Global Chief Brand Officer. Easterbrook served as Chief Executive Officer and President, McDonald's U .K. from April 2006 to September 2010 and was given additional responsibility as President, Northern Division. Europe from January 2007 to September 2010. Except for the period he was with Pizza Express and Wagamama, Easterbrook has been with the Company for 21 years. Director since 2015."
"Cyan Banister is a partner at Founders Fund, where she invests across sectors and stages with a particular interest in augmented reality, fertility, heavily regulated industries and businesses that help people with basic skills find meaningful work.  Prior to joining Founders Fund, Cyan was an active angel investor with a portfolio including Uber, Thumbtack, SpaceX, Postmates, EShares, Affirm and Niantic, creator of Pokémon GO. A self-taught engineer and entrepreneur, Cyan has held a number of technical leadership positions throughout her career. As an early employee at IronPort, which was acquired by Cisco, Cyan oversaw support infrastructure and performance for a global customer base. She has a passion for the arts and is a voracious film, documentary and media consumer."
"Marc Andreessen is a cofounder and general partner of the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz. He is an innovator and creator, one of the few to pioneer a software category used by more than a billion people and one of the few to establish multiple billion-dollar companies. Marc co-created the highly influential Mosaic Internet browser and cofounded Netscape, which later sold to AOL for $4.2 billion. He also cofounded Loudcloud, which as Opsware sold to Hewlett-Packard for $1.6 billion. Marc holds a BS in Computer Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Marc serves on the board of the following Andreessen Horowitz portfolio companies: Anki, Honor, Lytro, Mori, OpenGov, Samsara, and TinyCo. He is also on the board of Facebook, Hewlett-Packard, and MODE Media."
"Scott has led some of the world’s biggest brands, worked with some of the world’s most inspirational leaders and has distilled this experience into his business, ‘The Boom!’. His experience is both Agency and Client side, spending 10 years in each discipline. He developed, led and won some awards along the way for campaigns including ‘Studio Africa’, ‘Be Stupid’ and ‘Reboot’ at Diesel; ‘501’, ‘Twisted’ and ‘Ones to Watch’ at Levi’s; ‘World Cup’, ‘Freestylers’ and ‘Running’ for Nike; and ‘Guitar Hero’, ‘Call of Duty: Modern Warfare’ and ‘Lucasfilm’ for Activision. He is passionate about people, teams and cultures and has led commercial, cultural and creative change in all the businesses he has worked in growing each as a result. His new business, ‘The Boom!’ is a movement aimed at connecting people to their visceral, intuitive, creative animal inside. Through a mix of brain-hacks, neuroscience and mindfulness The Boom! delivers masterclasses that give leaders, their teams and the broader organisation new perspectives, tools and experiences to ignite and empower a creative environment. The Boom! have worked with ITV, Absolut, Starbucks, Red Bull, Sainsbury’s, UKTV, Oystercatchers, Rocket Fuel and Raconteur, and Scott has contributed to Marketing, Campaign, BBC, FT, and the Sunday Times."
"Steve Case is one of America’s best-known and most accomplished entrepreneurs and philanthropists, and a pioneer in making the Internet part of everyday life.  Case co-founded AOL in 1985 and under his leadership and vision, AOL became the largest and most valuable Internet company, driving the worldwide adoption of a medium that has transformed business and society.  Case is Chairman and CEO of Revolution LLC, a Washington, D.C.- based investment firm that partners with visionary entrepreneurs to build significant ‘built to last’ businesses.  In 2014, Steve and Revolution launched the Rise of the Rest, a platform to shine a spotlight on entrepreneurs that are starting and scaling businesses outside of Silicon Valley, New York, and Boston.   Steve’s passion for helping entrepreneurs remains his driving force. In 2011, he was the founding chair of the Startup America Partnership—an effort launched at the White House to accelerate high-growth entrepreneurship throughout the nation—and member of President Obama’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness where he chaired the subcommittee on entrepreneurship.    Case serves as Chairman of the Case Foundation, which he established with his wife Jean in 1997   He is also the author of New York Times bestselling book, The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future. "
"Bernie Sanders is serving his second term in the U.S. Senate after winning re-election in 2012 with 71 percent of the vote. His previous 16 years in the House of Representatives make him the longest serving independent member of Congress in American history. Born in 1941 in Brooklyn, Sanders attended James Madison High School, Brooklyn College and the University of Chicago. After graduating in 1964, he moved to Vermont. In 1981, he was elected (by 10 votes) to the first of four terms as mayor of Burlington. Sanders lectured at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard and at Hamilton College in upstate New York before his 1990 election as Vermont's at-large member in Congress. The Almanac of American Politics calls Sanders a ""practical and successful legislator."" Throughout his career he has focused on the shrinking American middle class and the growing income and wealth gaps in the United States. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Sanders in 2014 passed legislation reforming the VA health care system. Congressional Quarterly said he was able “to bridge Washington’s toxic partisan divide and cut one of the most significant deals in years.” Today, Sanders remains on the veterans committee and was tapped by Senate leadership to be the ranking member of the Senate Budget Committee. He also serves on the Environment and Public Works Committee, where he has focused on global warming and rebuilding our nation’s crumbling infrastructure. He is a member of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, where he has championed efforts to transform our energy system from fossil fuels to renewable power sources like solar and wind. He also sits on the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, where he has fought for greater access to affordable health care and improved education programs from pre-K to college."
"Reece is the Founder & CEO of RLC Ventures - an early-stage SEIS/EIS VC fund investing in technology companies primarily focused on Fintech, Enterprise and Gaming.  He was awarded “Top 5 Asian Tech Investors” 2018 (KPMG & Diversity UK) and is the youngest-ever investor to profiled by The Sunday Times. Reece is a frequent keynote and panel speaker at prominent industry events such as StartupGrind Europe and Fintech Live.  	 Reece holds a BA in International Business from Durham University and is a Chartered Management Consultant (ACMA, CGMA) having started his career as a Management Consultant at EY. Reece invests personally in all of RLC Ventures' investments."
"Lee Fixel is a Partner at Tiger Global Management, LLC and Head of the firm's private equity business. He focuses on privately held companies in the global Internet, software and consumer sectors. In the U.S., Lee has led the firm's investments in Peloton, Warby Parker, Harry's, Facebook, LinkedIn, Eventbrite, Redfin, Invision and SurveyMonkey; in India his investments include Ola, Flipkart, Policybazaar and Freshdesk; and in Latin America he has led investments in MercadoLibre, and Netshoes. Elsewhere Lee has backed Spotify in Sweden, Trendyol in Turkey, Jobs.ch in Switzerland and Souq in the UAE. Prior to joining Tiger Global in 2006, Lee was an analyst at Alkeon Capital Management, an investment firm focused on global growth equities. He holds a BSBA in Accounting and Finance from Washington University in St. Louis, completed the General Course at the London School of Economics and is a CFA charterholder. Lee serves on the Board of Directors of the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research and is a member of the Olin National Council at Washington University."
"Esther Dyson does business as EDventure Holdings, the reclaimed name of the company she owned for 20-odd years before selling it to CNET Networks in 2004.  In the last few years, she has turned her sights towards IT and health care.She dedicated two issues of her newsletter, Release 1.0, to the topic (Health and Identity: No Patient Left Behind? in January 2005 and Personal Health Information: Data Comes Alive! in September 2005). Also in September 2005, she ran the Personal Health Information workshop that laid out many of the challenges still perplexing the health-care community.  Currently, she is one of the initial ten subjects of George Church’s Personal Genome Project. Her primary activity is investing in start-ups and guiding many of them as a board member. Her board seats include Boxbe, CVO Group (Hungary), Eventful.com, Evernote, IBS Group (Russia, advisory board), Meetup, Midentity (UK), NewspaperDirect, and WPP Group and Yandex (Russia).  Some of her past direct IT investments include Flickr, Del.icio.us, BrightMail, Medstory and Orbitz. Dyson was the founding chairman of ICANN from 1998 to 2000, and was also chairman of the Electronic Frontier Foundation in the 90′s. In 1997, she wrote Release 2.0: A Design for Living in the Digital Age, which appeared in paperback a year later as Release 2.1. In 1994, she wrote a seminal essay on intellectual property for Wired magazine."
"Leonardo DiCaprio is an American actor and film producer. He has been nominated for three Academy Awards and nine Golden Globe Awards. He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor for his performance in The Aviator (2004), and has been nominated by the Screen Actors Guild, Satellite Awards, and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.  A committed environmentalist, DiCaprio has received praise from environmental groups for his activism. At the 2007 Oscar ceremony, DiCaprio and former Vice President Al Gore announced that the Academy Awards had incorporated environmentally intelligent practices throughout the planning and production processes, and on July 7, 2007, DiCaprio presented at the American leg of Live Earth."
"Benjamin Gordon has earned a reputation as a leader in transportation and logistics. He is known for having helped supply chain companies to become market leaders. Ben has invested in or advised dozens of the top firms in his field. Ben has been recognized by Fortune, Forbes, the Wall Street Journal and other publications for his market expertise and industry leadership. Benjamin Gordon is Managing Partner for BG Strategic Advisors (BGSA), a leading investment banking firm in the supply chain sector.  BGSA specializes in helping supply chain CEOs to maximize their companies’ value via mergers, acquisitions, capital-raising, merchant banking, and other strategic initiatives. Benjamin is also Managing Partner for Cambridge Capital, a merchant bank investing in the supply chain arena. Prior to BGSA, Ben Gordon foubded 3PLex, the web-based transportation management system (TMS) for the logistics sector.  Benjamin raised $28 million from blue-chip investors including Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, BancBoston Ventures, Con-Way, and Ionian.  3PLex has since been sold to Maersk. Prior to 3PLex, Benjamin led strategy projects in transportation and technology at Mercer Management Consulting, where he developed one of the first e-marketplace strategies for a logistics client. Benjamin is a recognized expert on the supply chain sector, and has been quoted extensively by national media including The New York Times, Business Week, ABC, Lehrer New Hour, Journal of Commerce, Transport Topics, Supply Chain Management Quarterly, and Traffic World.  Benjamin Gordon has been a featured speaker at the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals (CSCMP), NASSTRAC, the Transportation Intermediaries Association (TIA), AMB, the International Warehousing and Logistics Association (IWLA), and other industry events.  Benjamin served for several years as Chairman of the 3PL Summit.  In addition, Benjamin leads the annual BGSA Supply Chain conference, the largest annual conference for CEOs from all segments of the global supply chain.  Benjamin has also served as Chairman of the Palm Beach Chapter of the Young Presidents Organization (YPO). Ben Gordon earned an MBA from Harvard Business School and a Bachelor of Arts from Yale College. Ben is a committed philanthropist.  He has served on non-profit boards such as the Palm Beach United Way, the Palm Beach Young Presidents’ Organization (YPO), the Palm Beach Federation, the JCCA, the JDC, and the Middle East Forum. In addition, Benjamin Gordon founded GesherCity, a Jewish community group for young adults."
"Kobe Bryant has been a partner of Bryant Stibel & Company since its inception in 2013. Bryant is a five-time National Basketball Association champion with the Los Angeles Lakers and CEO of Kobe Inc. He is a two-time Olympic gold medalist, a NBA Most Valuable Player, a two-time NBA Finals MVP, a 15-time All-NBA player, an 18-time NBA All-Star and the NBA’s No. 3 all-time scoring leader. Since 2003, Bryant has partnered with Nike, playing a leadership role designing footwear and leading storytelling related to Kobe Bryant product lines. In 2006, he launched the Kobe and Vanessa Bryant Family Foundation to give young people access to sports, mentorship and economic empowerment. In 2009, he partnered with the Soong Ching Ling Foundation to create the Kobe China Fund, dedicated to the welfare and education of youth in China. Historically Bryant has invested in entrepreneurial companies, such as BODYARMOR and Red Ventures, that share in his vision."
"Nicholas Jerry ""Nick"" Jonas is an American singer, songwriter and actor, best known as one of the Jonas Brothers, a pop rock band he formed with his brothers Kevin and Joe"
"Rep. Elijah E. Cummings was elected to Congress in 1996 from Maryland’s 7th Congressional District. He is the Ranking Member on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. He also serves as a Senior Member on the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure.  A former CBC Chair, Rep. Cummings is co-chair of the CBC Religious, Faith and Policy Taskforce.  Rep. Cummings is a strong advocate for the underserved and is committed to ensuring that all Americans have access to quality healthcare and education, and a strong economy."
"Larry Page, the Chief Executive Officer of Alphabet and one of Google’s founders, has served as a member of Alphabet’s board of directors since October 2015.  He has served as a member of Google’s board of directors since its inception in September 1998, and as Google’s Chief Executive Officer from April 2011 to October 2015.  From July 2001 to April 2011, Larry served as Google’s President, Products. In addition, from September 1998 to July 2001, Larry served as Google’s Chief Executive Officer, and from September 1998 to July 2002, as Google’s Chief Financial Officer.  Larry holds a Master of Science degree in computer science from Stanford University and a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering, with a concentration in computer engineering, from the University of Michigan."
"Rahul is a Co-Founder and the CEO at MakeSpace.   Previously, he was a Principal at High Peaks Venture Partners based in the firm's New York City office where he was responsible for sourcing and evaluating investment opportunities across a wide range of sectors and supporting portfolio companies.  Prior to joining High Peaks, Rahul was a Senior Manager on AOL's Corporate Development team where he helped evaluate, manage, and structure numerous high-profile acquisitions and investments for the company.  His previous experience also spans across investment banking for Banc of America Securities and venture capital for both Genacast Ventures and Comcast Interactive Capital.    Rahul graduated from the George Washington University with high honors and holds both an MS in Accounting from the University of Virginia and an MBA from Columbia Business School. He is an active participant in the Columbia Venture Community (CVC) and serves on the board of the New York Venture Community (NYVC)."
"Dr Rapeport was formerly CEO at Respivert which was acquired by Janssen Pharmaceuticals in 2010, and previously head of the Respiratory Centre of Excellence at GSK."
"Kanye Omari West is a rapper, record producer and singer.  West graduated from Polaris High School and completed one year of art school at Chicago State University. After spending time rapping and working with local artists, West moved to New York in 2001 to pursue his music career full time. Respected rapper Jay-Z hired him to produce songs for his album The Blueprint, which sold more than 420,000 copies in the first week alone. West went on to produce for a handful of stars including rapper Ludacris and singer Beyonce. While serving as producer to the stars, West cut his own demo and began shopping it around. He signed a deal with Roc-A-Fella Records, Jay-Z's label, in 2002 and began recording in the studio. West also has won three Best Rap Song Grammys for his hits ""Jesus Walks,"" ""Diamonds from Sierra Leone"" and ""Good Life."" For his hit ""Gold Digger,"" he took home the Best Rap Solo Performance award in 2005. West also won a Grammy for Best R&B Song for ""You Don't Know My Name,"" sung by Alicia Keys. His collaboration with Common on ""Southside"" earned West the Grammy for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group in 2007. In 2009,Kanye West debuted the line of shoes he designed for the luxury goods brand Louis Vuitton. He engages in a number of charitable activities as well. Founded by his mother in 2007, he supports the Kanye West Foundation, which works to reduce the number of high school dropouts."
"Jackson Moses is a tech entrepreneur, angel investor, and early stage startup advisor. He is the Founder of venture-backed enterprise AIaaS company Spectrum Labs and the creator of its proprietary AI-powered big data solutions. Prior to founding and scaling Spectrum Labs, Jackson worked in sales (Lynda.com), customer operations, and executive recruiting at LinkedIn. Prior to this, Jackson worked as a market research analyst at Cisco where he compiled competitive insights and evaluated industry trends, new investment opportunities, and emerging threats to Cisco’s core business lines. Jackson invests in (AI) enterprise software, financial technology (FinTech), digital health, healthcare technology (HealthTech), and consumer mobile companies. He advises startups about corporate structuring, business planning, partnerships, product development, recruiting, and fundraising strategies. Jackson holds two B.A. degrees from the University of California, Berkeley where he studied Economics, with an emphasis on monetary policy, and Political Science, with an emphasis on game theory. www.jacksonmoses.com"
"Mr. Olsavsky joined Amazon.com in April 2002. Most recently he served as Vice President, Finance and CFO for the Global Consumer Business, and he became Senior Vice President and CFO in June 2015. As CFO of Amazon.com, he oversees the company's overall financial activities, including controllership, tax, treasury, analysis, investor relations, internal audit and financial operations. In his role as Vice President, Finance and CFO for the Global Consumer Business, Mr. Olsavsky had oversight and responsibility for the finance team supporting Amazon.com websites, merchant platforms, and fulfillment operations and subsidiaries. From 2007 to 2010, Mr. Olsavsky was Vice President, Finance for Amazon's North America retail business unit and acquisitions, and from 2002 to 2007 Mr. Olsavsky led the finance departments for Amazon's Worldwide Operations organization. Prior to joining Amazon.com, Mr. Olsavsky spent seven years at Fisher Scientific, where he held a variety of financial and business management roles, and a total of eight years at BF Goodrich and Union Carbide, where he held a variety of financial and operational roles. Mr. Olsavsky received a BS in Mechanical Engineering from Penn State and an MBA in Finance from Carnegie Mellon University."
"Daniel has been working with tech startups for over a decade as an entrepreneur, operator, financier and investor. He was an early internet pioneer in the UK, building the first online food ordering platform, and has also been involved in a number of tech companies from formation through to exit. Most recently he was part of the venture capital team at Fidelity where he was involved in a number of investments in e-commerce, marketplaces and SaaS including NotOnTheHighStreet, Wahanda and GoodData. Daniel holds a ‘first class' Bachelor of Science degree from Warwick and Wharton business schools."
"Shaquille Rashaun O'Neal, nicknamed Shaq, is an American retired basketball player and NBA Hall of Fame member since 2016. Shaq is also a former rapper, actor, fashion trend setter, investor and current analyst on the television program Inside the NBA"
"BSc in Architecture; MSc in Management Studies, MIT; studied Political Science at MIT and Harvard University. 1967, Israel Defence Forces; served in an elite commando unit and participated in various missions during the War of Attrition. Experience with Boston Consulting Group and in senior management with Rim Industries, Jerusalem. 1979 and 1984, initiated and organized an international conference against terrorism attended by several prominent world leaders. 1982, Deputy Chief of Mission, Israeli Embassy, Washington. Member of the first delegation to the talks on strategic cooperation between Israel and the United States. 1984, Israel's Ambassador to the United States. 1988, elected to the 12th Knesset as Likud member; appointed Deputy Foreign Minister. During the Gulf War, served as Israel's principal representative in the international arena. 1991, senior member of the Israeli delegation to the Madrid Peace Conference. 1993, elected Likud Party Chairman and the party's candidate for Prime Minister. 1996-99, Prime Minister of Israel. 2002-03, Minister of Foreign Affairs. 2003-05, Minister of Finance. 2006-09, Leader of the Opposition. 2012-13, Minister of Foreign Affairs. Since 2009, Prime Minister of Israel. Author of books."
"Mike originally Joined Alex’s team at FairCareMD not long after he left Kickstarter’s initial development team. Mike is a Ruby on Rails Guru level programmer that speaks publicly on the topic and has contributed significantly to the open source community. After the JOBS act passed this past year Mike started building our new crowdfunding platform, reinvented for healthcare.  He also created a white label version that is widely used for rewards-based crowdfunding sites."
"Lionel Andrés ""Leo"" Messi Cuccittini is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club FC Barcelona and is the captain for the Argentina national team."
"Mr. William P. Barr, Bill serves as an Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Verizon New England Inc.  Mr. Barr heads the legal, regulatory and government affairs group of Verizon (Formerly Known as GTE Corporation before it merged with Bell Atlantic). He served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Verizon Communications Inc. from 2000 to December 6, 2008. Mr. Barr served as an Executive Vice President of Government & Regulatory Advocacy and General Counsel of GTE Corporation since June 1997.  He provided legal advice to senior management and the Board of Directors and directed activities of GTE's Legal Department. He also led legislative and regulatory advocacy activities for GTE and all of the GTE's operating units. He was responsible for GTE's Government Affairs staff in Washington, D.C., and for the Corporate Secretary's department.  Mr. Barr served as an Attorney General of the United States under President George Bush from August 1991 to January 1993, was elected Senior Vice President and General Counsel of GTE in June 1994. Immediately prior to joining GTE, he served as a Partner in the Washington, D.C.  He came to the Department of Justice as Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Office of Legal Counsel in 1989 and subsequently served as deputy attorney general before his appointment as Attorney General in November 1991."
"Gopalakrishnan (Kris to his colleagues) is one of the founders of Infosys Technologies Limited. As Chief Executive Officer, he plays a key role in defining the company strategy and using technology and innovation continuously to maintain its leadership in the industry. On June 22, 2007, Kris took over from Nandan M. Nilekani as the CEO and Managing Director of Infosys Technologies Limited. Kris previously served as Chief Operating Officer (since April 2002), and as the President and Joint Managing Director (since August 2006). His responsibilities included customer services, technology, investments and acquisitions. Kris' initial responsibilities at Infosys included management of design, development, implementation and support of information systems for clients in the consumer products industry in the U.S. Between 1987 and 1994, he headed the technical operations of KSA/Infosys (a joint venture between Infosys and KSA at Atlanta, U.S.) as Vice President (Technical). In 1994, Kris returned to India and was appointed Deputy Managing Director of the company. Kris is currently the Chairman of the Indian Institute of Information Technology and Management (IIITM), Kerala, and Vice Chairman of the Board for Information Technology Education Standards (BITES) set up by the Government of Karnataka. Kris is the Vice Chairman of the Confederation of Indian Industries(CII) Southern Regional Council. He is also a member of ACM, IEEE and IEEE Computer Society. Kris holds a master's degree in Physics and Computer Science from the Indian Institute of Technology Madras."
"John Doerr is a general partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. Since joining KPCB in 1980, John and his partners have backed some of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, including Larry Page, and Eric Schmidt of Google; Jeff Bezos of Amazon.com, Scott Cook and Bill Campbell of Intuit; and Mark Pincus of Zynga. John’s passion is helping entrepreneurs create the Next Big Thing in mobile and social networks, greentech innovation, education and economic development.  Ventures sponsored by John have created more than 200,000 new jobs.John serves on boards in the areas of Internet technologies and greentech, including Amyris, Bloom Energy, Coursera, Essence Healthcare, Flipboard, FloDesign Wind Turbines, Google, iControl, mCube, Quantumscape, Renmatix, Upthere and Zynga. He also led KPCB's investment in Twitter. John’s technology career began in 1974 at Intel, just as the chipmaker was inventing the groundbreaking 8080 microprocessor. During his Intel years, he held roles in engineering, marketing, management and sales. John also learned about operating excellence from Intel co-founder Andy Grove — insight that he continues to share with entrepreneurs today.He later founded Silicon Compilers, a VLSI CAD software company, and co-founded @Home, the nationwide broadband cable Internet service. Outside of KPCB, John supports entrepreneurs focused on the environment, public education and alleviating global poverty. These include NewSchools.org, TechNet.org, the Climate Reality Project and ONE.org.John earned B.S. and M.S. degrees in electrical engineering from Rice University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. He also holds several patents for computer memory devices.John is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and a member of U.S. President Barack Obama’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness."
"Jennifer Lynn Lopez (July 24, 1969) is an American actress, musician and producer. She helped become an icon for the Hispanic-American population."
"April Underwood, Slack’s former head of platform who just launched its App Directory and Slack Fund, has leveled up to become the startup’s VP of Product. Underwood joined Slack in June after nearly five years at Twitter where she was a Director of Product. Putting the head of platform in charge of the entire product shows Slack’s commitment to making outside developers core to the workplace chat app‘s experience. With Underwood’s guidance, Slack’s product could seamlessly expand to handle the niche needs of any business. Underwood previously interned at Apple and 3M, and has done stints at Deloitte, Intel, Travelocity, and WeatherBill. She managed content acquisition and monetization for Google’s core products as a Senior Partner Technology manager from 2007 to 2009. This year she co-launched the #Angels fund as a founding partner. At Twitter Underwood had a prolific run from 2010 to 2015. She was a product manager on the first versions of the Tweet and Follow buttons, and worked on Twitter’s firehose and location feature. She built the Ads API and much of the advertiser experience, and ran all of Twitter’s search partnerships with Google, Microsoft, and Yahoo. Oh, and she forged Twitter’s biz dev team as its Director. Essentially, in an era when Twitter was otherwise notoriously stubborn about shipping, Underwood got things done. Now she’ll have a massive amount of user engagement to sculpt with Slack. The company has 2 million active users, and Butterfield says “people spend on average 10 hours a day connected to Slack and a little over 2 hours of active usage.”"
"Tom Steyer initially found success as the founder of Farallon Capital Management, where he built a $30 billion portfolio. Today, he is the founder and president of NextGen Climate. Steyer is an advocate for clean energy and has spent an abundance of money to support politicians in favor of clean energy policies and initiatives. Steyer is a graduate of Stanford and Yale Universities."
"Mike Cannon-Brookes is the co-founder and co-CEO of Atlassian, a collaboration software company that helps teams organise, discuss and complete shared work. More than 90,000 large and small organisations around the world use Atlassian’s tracking, collaboration, communication, service management and development products to work smarter and faster every day.   Mike has received international recognition for his work, including Ernst & Young's Australian Entrepreneur Of The Year in 2006 and Australian Business Person of the Year by the Australian Financial Review in 2017. He's also been honoured by the World Economic Forum as a Young Global Leader in 2009 and was named on the 2017 Forbes Global Game Changers list for reshaping the business world.   Outside Atlassian, Mike is an active angel investor and a non-executive director of Tyro, a technology-focused Australian bank. He serves as an adjunct professor at the University of New South Wales' School of Computer Science and Engineering, as well as chair of the Computer Science and Engineering Industry Advisory Board. Mike holds a Bachelor of Commerce in information systems from the University of New South Wales, Australia. "
"Combining a unique and unconventional blend of professional history and acquired investment experience, Kirsten launched  San Francisco-based Forerunner Ventures in 2010, where she serves as Founder and Managing Director. Noticing that emerging purchasing processes were linear and ripe for improvement, Kirsten developed a pacesetter mentality and analytical eye to remain ahead of experience-driven retail trends and identify compelling brand platforms and visionary entrepreneurs.   In an unpredictable consumer landscape, Kirsten’s 20+ years of evaluation and investment success stems from a combination of product savvy, retail acumen and a thesis-driven approach that has been the basis of all her investments — from pre-revenue startups to multi-billion-dollar enterprises- to date. As a founder, Kirsten has lead efforts to raise over $300M from leading investors and has invested in more than 50 companies. She currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors at Glossier, Outdoor Voices, Ritual, Inturn, and Indigo Fair, among other Forerunner portfolio companies. As a top-tier venture capitalist, Kirsten is a founding member of the female mentorship collective, All Raise, and champions women in the tech industry, recently giving a SXSW Keynote speech on diversity in a male-dominated industry. Kirsten has been honored in Time’s 100 Most Influential People, named a Top 20 Venture Capitalists by The New York Times in 2018 & 2017, is part of Forbes 2018 & 2017 Midas List, in addition to being named in the magazine’s World’s 100 Most Powerful Women.  She has been named VC of the Year at TechCrunch’s 2017 Crunchies Awards and listed on Vanity Fair’s New Establishment list. Prior to Forerunner, Kirsten was an equity research analyst and investor at Banc of America Securities, formerly Montgomery Securities, covering publicly-traded retail and consumer stocks. Kirsten graduated from UCLA with a B.A. in Business Economics, and has earned a CPA license and a CFA certification."
"Isabel dos Santos is an Angolan entrepreneur who is widely recognized as one of the most successful female business leaders in Africa. As the head of Unitel, Angola’s largest telecommunications company, she has extensive experience in infrastructure creation, economic development, and the implementation of new and emerging technologies. Her work in this field has led to the creation of over 50,000 employment opportunities in and around her home country. Beyond her interest in communications, the businesswoman has also had a hand in numerous other industries including entertainment, energy, construction, media production, and finance. In a career spanning over twenty years she has held management-level positions in a range of companies including banks, entertainment establishments, and retail organizations. These experiences have contributed to her broad understanding of the global economy and the ways in which economic opportunities can be more actionably fostered in countries struggling with poverty. Related to this, Isabel dos Santos is also known for her extensive efforts in the field of development. She has directed both monetary support and her personal time towards a number of projects in this area, with the promotion of entrepreneurship being an issue of particular focus on her agenda. To help encourage grassroots economic development, she has worked to produce videos and other media highlighting the efforts of budding African entrepreneurs and the steps they are taking to contribute to the larger economy.  In part due to her efforts in development, the businesswoman is regularly asked to participate in forums and other speaking engagements. One example of this was her opportunity to speak before the European Parliament in Brussels as part of the ECR Africa Summit. During that summit she advocated heavily for the importance of developing Africa’s digital infrastructure. This underscores her belief that a major step towards improving Africa’s wellbeing would be to put opportunities in place that allow Africans to utilize the internet to compete in the international economy. --- Isabel dos Santos é uma empresária angolana largamente reconhecida como uma das mulheres empresárias com mais sucesso em África. Como chefe da Unitel, a maior empresa de telecomunicações de Angola, Isabel dos Santos tem uma vasta experiência na criação de infraestruturas, desenvolvimento económico, e na implementação de tecnologias novas e emergentes. O seu trabalho neste campo resultou na criação de mais de 50 000 oportunidades de emprego no seu país de origem e nos países vizinhos. Além do seu interesse em comunicações, a empresária também contribuiu em várias outras indústrias, incluindo entretenimento, energia, construção, produção multimédia, e finanças. Durante a sua carreira de mais de vinte anos, Isabel dos Santos ocupou cargos a nível de gestão numa série de empresas incluindo bancos, estabelecimentos de entretenimento e empresas de retalho. Estas experiências contribuíram para o seu vasto conhecimento da economia global e das maneiras através das quais as oportunidades económicas podem ser promovidas em países que estão a braços com a pobreza. Neste sentido, Isabel dos Santos é também conhecida pelos seus vultuosos esforços no campo do desenvolvimento. Apoiou monetariamente e investiu o seu tempo pessoal em vários projetos nesta área, dando especial foco à promoção do empreendedorismo. Para ajudar a incentivar o desenvolvimento económico de base, Isabel dos Santos trabalhou no sentido de produzir vídeos e outros meios de divulgação, salientando os esforços de futuros empreendedores africanos e os passos que tomam para contribuir para uma economia mais forte. Em parte devido aos seus esforços no desenvolvimento, a empresária é regularmente solicitada a participar em fóruns e outras palestras. Um exemplo foi a oportunidade que teve para falar perante o Parlamento Europeu, em Bruxelas, como parte do ECR Africa Summit. Durante a cimeira, Isabel dos Santos defendeu fortemente a importância do desenvolvimento das infraestruturas digitais de África. Este facto sublinha a sua crença de que um passo importante para melhorar o bem-estar em África consistiria em colocar em prática oportunidades que permitam aos africanos utilizar a internet para competir na economia internacional."
"Eric Schmidt has served as the Executive Chairman of Alphabet’s board of directors since October 2015. He has served as the Executive Chairman of Google’s board of directors since April 2011 and as a member of Google’s board of directors since March 2001.  From July 2001 to April 2011, Eric served as Google’s Chief Executive Officer. He was the chairman of Google’s board of directors from March 2001 to April 2004, and again from April 2007 to April 2011.  Prior to joining Google, from April 1997 to November 2001, Eric served as chairman of the board of directors of Novell, Inc., a computer networking company, and, from April 1997 to July 2001, as the Chief Executive Officer of Novell.  From 1983 until March 1997, Eric held various positions at Sun Microsystems, Inc., a supplier of network computing solutions, including Chief Technology Officer from February 1994 to March 1997, and President of Sun Technology Enterprises from February 1991 until February 1994.  Eric was previously a director of Apple Inc., a designer, manufacturer, and marketer of personal computers and related products, from 2006 to 2009.  Eric holds a Doctoral degree and a Master of Science degree in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley, and a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from Princeton University."
"Gabriel Patterson is chairman of Bethmann Lombard Bancorp. He has led the firm and its team since 2005, including acting as lead advisor to the firm’s major accounts. Gabriel has over 26 years of investment banking experience and prior to BLB, he was a member of Burns Schwartz, Hannibal Trust, TD (Bank) Capital Group and was associated with the Department of Justice. Gabriel Patterson is chairman of Bethmann Lombard Bancorp. He has led the firm and its team since 2005, including acting as lead advisor to the firm’s major accounts. Gabriel has over 26 years of investment banking experience and prior to BLB, he was a member of Burns Schwartz, Hannibal Trust, TD (Bank) Capital Group and was associated with the Department of Justice. He continues to serve as a director of several private companies and NGOs.  Having worked with various corporations and law firms, Gabriel has played an important role supervising operations and subsidiary investments. Additionally, he has major corporate/commercial, securities, real estate and off shore tax planning expertise. Customers rely on Gabriel to provide corporate governance IPO, RTO, private placements, small cap securities advice, along with strategic planning on off-shore trusts and corporations, commercial contracts, loan and shareholder agreements terms, asset/share purchase and sales, and public offering financing. His expertise includes advising both public and private entities on a variety of tactical and financing initiatives with special emphasis on mergers and acquisitions, divestitures along with the raising of equity, hybrid-equity and debt capital from both the public and private markets. He has served customers on cross border trades in Asia, Europe and Latin America. Gabriel received his MBA from Heriot-Watt University Edinburgh and has taken corporate and securities courses at York University and also the University of Saskatchewan. He continues to serve as a director of numerous private companies and NGOs."
"Max Levchin is an investor and advisor to emerging technology companies. He was previously the chairman and chief executive officer of HVF, a startup lab focused on extracting insights from recordable information. Levchin co-founded Confinity Inc. in December 1998, and served as the Chief Technology Officer and a director. He also founded NetMeridian Software, a developer of early Internet applications Levchin also serves as chairman of the boards of directors of Yelp Inc. and Kaggle Inc., and as a director of Evernote Corporation."
"Neil is Founder and CEO of N3TWORK. N3TWORK is creating an integrated experience that connects together the internet’s digital content based on your interests. Designed specifically for today’s devices, it enables you to engage with the things and people that you care about, across all the screens in your life. Prior to founding N3TWORK, Neil was Founder and CEO of ngmoco, the leading social mobile games company that was acquired by DeNA in November 2010. Following the acquisition, Neil joined the Board of DeNA and oversaw western product development and publishing operations. Before founding ngmoco, Neil served as the Group General Manager and Vice President at Electronic Arts. In this role, he was responsible for EA's Los Angeles, Maxis, Origin and Blueprint Studio groups, which produced some of EA's most successful game franchises including: The Lord of the Rings, The Sims, Medal of Honor and Command and Conquer, among others."
David Beckham is a former British football player.
"Courtney Jordan is an American entrepreneur and Investor, currently serving as the Executive Chairmen and Founder of Courtney Jordan Holdings, and Venture Beyond; holding companies founded to manage his investments, companies, and public engagements. Beyond that, Courtney is a Fortune 500 consultant (for Western Union and American Express), a social media influencer (with over 100K followers across all platforms) and an advisor to several companies like SEGA and RockStar."
"Jared Leto is a musician, actor, director, entrepreneur, and artist. His two decades of work as an actor have encompassed a host of intense and transformative performances. Leto’s recent performance as the transgender AIDS patient Rayon in Dallas Buyers Club earned him both an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor, as well as honors from nearly 60 critics’ organizations. Leto is set to play legendary villain, The Joker, in the upcoming supervillain film Suicide Squad (2016).  Leto was honored with a Gotham Independent Film Award and Toronto International Film Festival's People's Choice Award for his debut documentary feature, Artifact.  Mr. Leto directed Artifact under the pseudonym Bartholomew Cubbins, the same alias under which he directs the award winning music videos for the multi-platinum-selling rock band, Thirty Seconds to Mars.  Leto is the singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist for the band, which has released four albums, including the recent Love Lust Faith + Dreams (2013). Notorious for their relentless touring, they have circled the globe playing sold-out arenas since 1998 and in support of the album This Is War, they played over 300 shows in nearly 60 countries on six continents to 3 million people, thereby breaking the Guinness World Record for the longest-ever concert tour by a rock band. Thirty Seconds to Mars has sold over ten million albums worldwide and their music videos have received more than a billion views on YouTube. The group has received numerous awards worldwide, including over a dozen MTV Awards; a Billboard Music Award; and honors from NME, Kerrang!, and Fuse. They were nominated for three 2013 MTV VMAs, including best rock video, which they won. Additionally he is deeply entrenched in tech as both an investor and founder. Leto has made over fifty tech investments (Uber, Nest, Airbnb, Stripe, Slack, Zenefits) and serves as advisor for several start-ups. He is the founder of Adventures In Wonderland, The Hive, VyRT, and A Sharp Knife."
"George Soros gained international notoriety when, in September of 1992, he risked $10 billion on a single currency speculation when he shorted the British pound. He turned out to be right, and in a single day the trade generated a profit of $1 billion – ultimately, it was reported that his profit on the transaction almost reached $2 billion. As a result, he is famously known as the ""the man who broke the Bank of England."" Soros is also famous for running the Quantum Fund, which generated an average annual return of more than 30% while he was at the helm. Along with the famous pound trade, Soros was also cited by some as the ""trigger"" behind the Asian financial crisis in 1997, as he had a large bet against the Thai baht. He is also widely known for his political activism and philanthropic efforts."
"Jeffrey Preston Bezos, originally of Albuquerque, New Mexico,  is the Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer & Chairman of the board of Amazon.com. Bezos graduated from Princeton University Phi Beta Kappa.  Prior to founding Amazon in 1994, he worked as a Financial Analyst for D. E. Shaw & Co.  Time magazine named Bezos the Person of the Year in 1999."
"Lin is the COO of Twitch, the world’s leading social video platform and community for gamers. He was instrumental in the 2011 launch of the platform when he joined Justin.tv in 2008. His role included attracting the site’s largest broadcasters and building out the partnership team among other activities which have helped grow the Twitch brand. Currently more than 100 million gamers gather every month on Twitch to broadcast live video, watch and chat about gaming, making the platform an industry leader."
"President Barack Obama is the 44th President of the United States. He was born on August 4th, 1961, in Honolulu, Hawaii, to a mother from Kansas, Stanley Ann Dunham, and a father from Kenya, Barack Obama Sr. He was also raised by his grandfather, who served in Patton’s army, and his grandmother, who worked her way up from the secretarial pool to become vice president at a local bank. He worked his way through school—Occidental College in Los Angeles, Columbia University in New York, and later, Harvard Law School—with the help of scholarship money and student loans. In 1985, Barack Obama moved to Chicago, where he got his start in community organizing on the city’s South Side, working to help rebuild communities devastated by the closure of local steel plants. The President called that time in his life ""the best education I ever had, better than anything I got at Harvard Law School."" He has credited that experience as crucial to finding his identity—something that shaped his path to the White House. Barack Obama was elected to the Illinois State Senate in 1996. During his time in Springfield, he passed the first major ethics reform in 25 years, cut taxes for working families, and expanded health care for children and their parents. Elected to the U.S. Senate in 2004, he reached across the aisle to pass the farthest-reaching lobbying reform in a generation, lock up the world’s most dangerous weapons, and bring transparency to government by tracking federal spending online. Barack Obama was sworn in as president on January 20th, 2009, in the middle of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, at a time when our economy was losing 800,000 jobs a month. He acted immediately to get our economy back on track. Since then, the private sector has added back more than 10 million jobs during the longest, uninterrupted period of job growth in our nation’s history. In his first term, the President cut taxes for every American worker—putting $3,600 back in the pockets of the typical family. He passed historic Wall Street reform to make sure taxpayers never again have to bail out big banks. He passed the landmark Affordable Care Act, helping to put quality and affordable health care within reach for millions of Americans. He ended the war in Iraq and is working to responsibly end the war in Afghanistan. He’s the first sitting president to stand up for marriage equality, and is fighting for equal pay and a woman’s right to make her own health decisions. He’s made a college education more affordable for millions of students and their families. And he believes it’s time for a comprehensive solution to fix our broken immigration system. The President believes an economy that's built to last starts by growing and strengthening the middle class—that’s why he has a plan to create jobs and restore economic security to working families. He’s been driven by the basic values that make our country great: America prospers when we’re all in it together, when hard work pays off and responsibility is rewarded, and when everyone—from Main Street to Wall Street—does their fair share and plays by the same rules."
"Aaron Levie is Chief Executive Officer, Cofounder and Chairman at Box, which he launched in 2005 with CFO and cofounder Dylan Smith. He is the visionary behind the Box product and platform strategy, incorporating the best of secure content collaboration with an intuitive user experience suited to the way people work today. Aaron leads the company in its mission to transform the way people and businesses work so they can achieve their greatest ambitions. He has served on the Board of Directors since April 2005. Aaron attended the University of Southern California from 2003 to 2005 before leaving to found Box."
"Bill Lee was CEO and co-founder of Remarq, a Benchmark Capital-backed collaboration company. At Remarq, Bill guided the company in its development of a complete end-to-end Internet messaging and collaboration platform. Before its acquisition by Critical Path in March 2000, the company developed high-volume messaging platforms for sites such as eBay, Sun, Novell, and Amazon. The company raised over $43 million in venture and debt financing. Bill has been appointed by the Mayor of San Jose to the Redevelopment Committee of San Jose. Bill also graduated Beta Gamma Sigma from UC Berkeley with a B.S. in accounting/finance and received a JD/MBA from UCLA."
"Theresa Mary May is a British politician who has served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Leader of the Conservative Party since 2016, the second woman to hold both positions, the first being Margaret Thatcher. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Maidenhead since 1997. Ideologically, she identifies herself as a one-nation conservative."
"Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro, known as Cristiano Ronaldo or CR7, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Real Madrid and is the captain for the Portugal national team."
"Justin Drew Bieber is a Canadian pop musician, actor, and singer-songwriter. He was discovered in 2008 by American talent manager Scooter Braun and has since driven over 3 billion views to YouTube, gained nearly 81M followers on Twitter, 68M followers on Instagram, and 77M fans on Facebook."
"Ankit Bhati heads the technical aspects of Olacabs, ensuring a quick, convenient and instinctive experience for our customers and partners. He joined IIT Bombay in 2004 for Btech in Mechanical Engg and MTech in CAD and Automation. By 2009 he had already worked on several freelance projects and startups like Wilcom (http://wilcom.co.in), QED42 etc. and finally decided to give up his nomadic professional life for a start-up of his own. He joined the Olacabs journey in November 2010."
"Gary Vaynerchuk is the chairman of VaynerX, a modern-day media and communications holding company, and the active CEO of VaynerMedia, a full-service advertising agency servicing Fortune 100 clients across the company’s 4 locations. In the late 90s, after identifying “the internet” as a land-grab opportunity, Gary transitioned his father’s local liquor store into one of the first wine e-commerce platforms resulting in growing the family business from $3-60MM in sales during a 5-year period. During his time in the family business, Vaynerchuk also started one of the first long-form episodic video shows on YouTube in 2006 called WineLibraryTV, filming 1,000 episodes over a 5-year window. Gary’s wine knowledge, charisma, and uncanny ability to engage with his community landed him appearances on national television with Ellen Degeneres and Conan O’Brien, as well as establishing him as one of the most followed people on social media during its nascent years. Not only did Gary leverage content creation and the rise of social media for his personal brand, but it was the seed which would become the pillar to his now 9-year old advertising agency VaynerMedia, servicing brands with an ever-expanding variety of offerings. Outside of being the Chairman and CEO of his own companies, Gary is a highly sought after public speaker, a 5-time New York Times bestselling author, as well as a prolific angel investor with early investments in companies such as Facebook,Twitter, Tumblr, Venmo, and Uber. Gary is currently the subject of DailyVee, an online documentary series highlighting what it’s like to be a CEO and public figure in today’s digital world, as well the host of The GaryVee Audio Experience, a top 50 global podcast, and host of #AskGaryVee, a business and advice Q&A show which can be found on both YouTube and Facebook. Gary also appeared as judge in Apple’s first original series “Planet of the Apps” alongside Gwyneth Paltrow, Jessica Alba and Will.i.am on In addition to VaynerMedia, VaynerX also houses The Gallery, a new publishing company started after acquiring leading women’s lifestyle property PureWow in January 2017. In addition to running VaynerMedia, Gary also serves as a partner in the athlete representation agency VaynerSports and restaurant reservations app Resy. Gary is a board/advisory member of Ad Council and Pencils of Promise, and is a longtime Well Member of Charity:Water. "
i did some stuff at stripe. chairman of Compound.
"Barry McCarthy is the COO of Clinkle.He served as the Chief Financial Officer at Netflix from 1999-2010, where he was responsible for financial and legal affairs. From his role at Netflix, he brings experience in finance, Internet start-ups and IPOs to his role on Wealthfront's board. He also serves as a Director on the boards of Chegg and Pandora. Prior to joining Netflix, he spent six years as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Music Choice, a music programming service distributed over direct broadcast satellite and cable systems.McCarthy has also held several positions at Credit Suisse First Boston where he worked with venture capital-backed and LBO investments. McCarthy earned a BA degree from Williams College and an MBA from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania."
"Yuri Vanetik is an American financier, Business Strategist, Coalition Builder, and Philanthropist. He is the founding partner of Vanetik International, LLC, a Nevada-based private investment and business management consulting firm that specializes in private equity financing and merchant banking. In his role with Vanetik International, LLC, Yuri is considered an expert in capital formation and mergers & acquisitions. For the past 20 years, he has taken on numerous financial leadership roles, helping to establish himself as a leader in a numerous industries.  In addition to his ventures with Vanetik International, LLC, Yuri Vanetik is also the Co-Founder and Managing Director for Dominion Partners, a technology-driven opportunity real estate fund that invests in undervalued real estate across the United States. His responsibilities for Dominion Partners include overseeing equity financing and joint ventures, and raising capital for the company. Yuri Vanetik is also a dedicated philanthropist, and has gotten involved with a variety of causes that he cares deeply about. He is committed to many different causes, related to the arts, children’s health, and his personal business endeavors. He was appointed as a member of the board of directors for Miracles For Kids, a non-profit organization dedicated to supporting families who have a child with a serious illness. Additionally, he was appointed to the board of directors for the Center for Global Change, a charity that provides assistance to the abused, neglected and underprivileged orphans around the world. Most recently, Yuri Vanetik was named as a founding member for the International Executive Council, a business leadership organization focused on innovation, growth, and impacting the next generation. Because of his passion for helping others in need, he joined the Gen Next Foundation's board of directors when it first opened in 2008, and remains as an active member today. He has served on the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the American Cross, and is the Lincoln Fellow with the Claremont Institute. None of these enterprises, however, are as important nor as fulfilling as his passion for education, which cuts across many disciplines. In order to help others on all fronts, Yuri Vanetik founded the Vanetik Foundation, which inspires and creates positive change across multiple disciplines. Yuri Vanetik earned his Bachelor’s degree in Legal Studies with a focus on Political Science, History and Philosophy from the University of California, Berkeley. He went on to earn his Juris Doctor (JD) from the University of California, Hastings, where he was also the President of the International Law Society, and the recipient of the coveted American Jurisprudence Award. In 2000, Yuri decided to return to school to complete a degree in management from the University of California’s coveted Anderson Business School. He has always been passionate about furthering his education, leading him to graduate from the Wharton School Aresty Institute of Executive Education's program, Corporate Governance Essentials for New Directors in 2003. After finishing his law degree, Yuri Vanetik entered law in the 1990’s, beginning his career at K & L Gates in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. After building his experience, Yuri went on to serve as the founding partner of Iger, Koehler, & Vanetik, LLP, a law firm specializing in corporate governance, public listings, counseling boards of publicly traded companies and representing independent directors, and committees they serve. Through his work in law, Yuri has acquired a wealth of knowledge of finance in business. Over the years, Yuri Vanetik has been featured as a guest author for numerous publications, including Forbes, Entrepreneur, The Washington Post, The Daily Beast, Chicago Tribune, CNBC, International Policy Digest, The Boston Herald, and more. Vanetik's professional experience has helped him cover a wide variety of relevant topics that are effecting our society today. His insight on politics, finance, and law is unparalleled, given Vanetik's diverse background."
"Mike Pence is an American politician and lawyer and the 48th Vice President of the United States. He previously served as the 50th Governor of Indiana from 2013 to 2017. Born and raised in Columbus, Indiana, Pence graduated from Hanover College and earned a law degree from the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law before entering private practice. After losing two bids for a U.S. congressional seat in 1988 and 1990, he became a conservative radio and television talk show host from 1994 to 1999. Pence was elected to the United States Congress in 2000 and represented Indiana's 2nd congressional district and Indiana's 6th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 2001 to 2013. He served as the chairman of the House Republican Conference from 2009 to 2011. Pence positioned himself as a principled ideologue and supporter of the Tea Party movement, noting he was ""a Christian, a conservative, and a Republican, in that order."" Upon becoming Governor of Indiana in January 2013, Pence initiated the largest tax cut in Indiana's history, pushed for more funding for education initiatives, and continued to increase the state's budget surplus. Pence signed bills intended to restrict abortions, including one that prohibited abortions if the reason for the procedure was the fetus's race, gender, or disability. Pence stirred several high-profile controversies, including with his signature of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, for which he encountered fierce resistance from moderate members of his party, the business community, and LGBT advocates. He later signed an additional bill acting as an amendment intended to protect LGBT people. On November 8, 2016, Pence was elected as Vice President, after he dropped out of his gubernatorial re-election campaign in July to become the vice presidential running mate for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, who went on to win the presidential election."
Robert Downey Jr. is an American actor.
"William Jefferson Clinton, the first Democratic president in six decades to be elected twice, led the U.S. to the longest economic expansion in American history, including the creation of more than 22 million jobs. After leaving the White House, President Clinton established the William J. Clinton Foundation, and today, the renamed Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation, works to improve global health and wellness, increase opportunity for girls and women, reduce childhood obesity, create economic opportunity and growth, and help communities address the effects of climate change.  Today the Foundation has staff and volunteers around the world working to improve lives through several initiatives, including the independent Clinton Health Access Initiative, through which over 11.5 million people in more than 70 countries have access to CHAI-negotiated prices for HIV/AIDS medications. The Clinton Climate Initiative, the Clinton Development Initiative, the Clinton Foundation's Haiti team, and the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership are applying a business-oriented approach to promote sustainable economic growth and to fight climate change worldwide and in Africa, Latin America, and the Caribbean. In the U.S., the Foundation is working to combat the alarming rise in childhood obesity and preventable disease through the Alliance for a Healthier Generation and the Clinton Health Matters Initiative. Established in 2005, the Clinton Global Initiative brings together global leaders to devise and implement innovative solutions to some of the world’s most pressing issues. So far, more than 3,600 Clinton Global Initiative commitments have improved the lives of over 435 million people in more than 180 countries. In addition to his Foundation work, President Clinton has joined with former President George H.W. Bush three times – after the 2004 tsunami in South Asia, Hurricane Katrina in 2005, and Hurricane Ike in 2008, and with President George W. Bush in Haiti in the aftermath of the 2010 earthquake. Today the Clinton Foundation supports economic growth, job creation, and sustainability in Haiti. President Clinton was born on August 19, 1946, in Hope, Arkansas. He and his wife Secretary Hillary Rodham Clinton have one daughter, Chelsea, and live in Chappaqua, New York."
MacKenzie Bezos is an American novelist.
"Ron Johnson is the CEO of ENJOY, which he founded in 2014. Prior to ENJOY, Ron served as CEO of JC Penney. From 2000 to 2012, Ron was on the Executive Committee at Apple and led Apple Retail. Apple stores are widely recognized as the world’s most successful retail operation with nearly 400 locations in 13 countries. From 1984 to 2000 Ron worked for Target Corporation in a variety of merchandising leadership roles. As Senior Vice President of Merchandising, Ron worked to bring good design to Target, and is credited with establishing Target as the nation’s leading upscale discount store chain. Ron received his MBA from Harvard Business School in 1984 and his Bachelor of Arts from Stanford University in 1980. Ron is an active volunteer serving as a Trustee at Stanford University, as Vice Chair of Stanford Health Care and as Co-Chair of the Campaign for Stanford Medicine. Ron is also a Board Member of The Melt, Nasty Gal, Honor and is an advisor to many startups in the emerging technology and retail spaces. Ron lives in the Bay Area with his spouse Karen and has two children."
"Mr. Davis was appointed Executive Vice President, Strategy & Corporate Development in August 2009 and assumed the role of Chief Financial Officer in November 2012. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President of Strategy, Mergers & Acquisitions at Viacom since January 2007 and Senior Vice President of Mergers & Acquisitions at Viacom since January 1, 2006. Before that, he was Senior Vice President, Mergers & Acquisitions of the former Viacom Inc., since October 2005. Prior to joining Viacom, Mr. Davis was an investment banker in the technology and media sectors for more than a decade. Most recently he was a Managing Director, Co-Head of Investment Banking and Head of Mergers & Acquisitions at ThinkEquity Partners. Prior to ThinkEquity, he was a Managing Principal of Lazard Venture Advisors, L.P., and a Vice President of Lazard Frères & Co. in their Technology, Media and Telecommunications M&A Group. Previously, Mr. Davis was one of the founding members of Wasserstein Perella & Co.’s Technology M&A Group in San Francisco.​​"
"Drew Brees is an American football quarterback for the New Orleans Saints of the NFL, an entrepreneur, and an investor."
"As President and COO of SpaceX, Gwynne Shotwell is responsible for day-to-day operations and for managing all customer and strategic relations to support company growth. She joined SpaceX in 2002 as Vice President of Business Development and built the Falcon vehicle family manifest to nearly 50 launches, representing nearly $5 billion in revenue. Shotwell is a member of the SpaceX Board of Directors. Prior to joining SpaceX, Shotwell spent more than 10 years at the Aerospace Corporation. There she held positions in Space Systems Engineering & Technology as well as Project Management. She was promoted to the role of Chief Engineer of an MLV-class satellite program, managed a landmark study for the Federal Aviation Administration on commercial space transportation, and completed an extensive analysis of space policy for NASA's future investment in space transportation. Shotwell was subsequently recruited to be Director of Microcosm's Space Systems Division, where she served on the executive committee and directed corporate business development. Shotwell also served as a Chair of the AIAA (American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics) Space Systems Technical Committee, and in 2013, was elected to AIAA's honorable grade of Fellow. Shotwell participates in a variety of STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics)-related programs, including the Frank J. Redd Student Scholarship Competition. Under her leadership the committee raised more than $350,000 in scholarships in six years. Shotwell was named winner of the 2011 World Technology Award for Individual Achievement in Space, and in June 2012 she was inducted into the Women In Technology International Hall of Fame. She is a member of the World Economic Forum's Global Agenda Council on Space Security. Shotwell received, with honors, her bachelor's and master's degrees from Northwestern University in Mechanical Engineering and Applied Mathematics, and currently serves on the Advisory Council for Northwestern's McCormick School of Engineering. She has authored dozens of papers on a variety of subjects including standardizing spacecraft/payload interfaces, conceptual small spacecraft design, infrared signature target modeling, space shuttle integration, and reentry vehicle operational risks."
"Xavier Niel is the Iliad Group's majority shareholder and founder. He has been involved in the data communications, Internet and telecommunications industry since the late 1980s.  In 1993, before dedicating himself full-time to developing the Group, he founded Worldnet, the first Internet service provider in France, which was sold to Kaptech (LDCom Group) in December 2000. He has been responsible for the Group's major strategic developments, from the launch of the ANNU service and the development of Internet access services based on France Télécom’s repayment scheme as a financial model to the launch of the Freebox project."
"Topp has dedicated the majority of his career in the cryptocurrency and blockchain technology industry. He co-founded coins.co.th, Thailand's largest bitcoin exchange. Before Blockchain emerged, Topp worked as an investment banker, financial consultant, and central banker. He is a speaker and one of Thailand's leading bitcoin and open blockchain experts. He holds an MPhil in Economics from Oxford University, UK. Now he is the co-founder and group CEO at Bitkub Capital Group Holdings Co., Ltd. (BCGH), a company that holds the title as the startup with the largest seed investment in Thai history. He is also a board of Director at the Thai Fintech Association."
"Tom Brady is a five-time Super Bowl champion, four-time Super Bowl MVP and two-time league MVP. He is fourth all-time in career passing yards, third all-time in career touchdown passes and has led his team to more division titles (15) and more playoff wins (25) than any other quarterback in NFL history. In addition to his on-field success, Tom is the #1 New York Times Best Selling author of “The TB12 Method” and founded the TB12 Sports Therapy Center in Foxborough, MA in 2013. Tom is a proud father of three."
"I invest in companies with a long term & flexible approach, building relationships with business owners, management teams and entrepreneurs to align interests, evolve businesses & create lasting value."
While we do our excellent works let us not neglect that the real solution lies in a world in which charity will have become pointless. Nick Tsagaris is an owner of the McDonalds restaurant in Treendale. He chose to use his restaurant opening day to support the local Australind SES Unit by donating $1 from each big Mac and coffee sold to the unit.
"Michael Jackson MA FCA (Chairman of the Manager) founded Elderstreet Investments Limited in 1990 and is its executive chairman. For the past 24 years, he has specialised in raising finance and investing in the smaller companies quoted and unquoted sector. From 1983 until 1987 he was a director and from 1987 until 2006 was chairman of FTSE 100 company The Sage Group plc. He was also chairman of PartyGaming plc, another FTSE 100 company. He is a director of Elderstreet portfolio companies Uvenco UK plc, Fords Packaging Systems Limited, Baldwin & Francis Holdings Limited, AngloInfo Limited, Macranet Limited and Access Intelligence plc. Michael studied law at Cambridge University, and qualified as a chartered accountant with Coopers & Lybrand before spending five years in marketing for various US multinational technology companies."
"Vitalik Buterin is a co-founder of Bitcoin Magazine who has been involved in the Bitcoin community since 2011, and has contributed to Bitcoin both as a writer and the developer of a fork of bitcoinjs-lib, pybitcointools and multisig.info, as well as one of the developers behind Egora. Now, Vitalik's primary job is as the main developer of Ethereum, a project which intends to create a next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform that allows people to create any kind of decentralized application on top of a blockchain that can be imagined."
"Katy Perry was born October 25, 1984, in Santa Barbara, California. After having three record deals fall apart, she signed with Capitol in 2007. Later that year, she released her first single, ""Ur So Gay."" Still, her career did not fully take off until the release of her next single, ""I Kissed a Girl"". Her album Teenage Dreams was released in August 2010."
"Emmanuel Macron was born in 1977 in Amiens, France. After his degree from the Paris Institute of Political Studies (Sciences Po) and a research master’s in philosophy, E. Macron graduated from the National School of Administration in 2004. He then served as a Senior economic and financial civil servant for four years before joining Rothschild & Cie as an investment banker and later a partner. He became Deputy secretary general of the French President’s office in 2012 and then Minister for the Economy, Industry and Digital Affairs in August 2014."
"Taylor Swift is a multi-Grammy award-winning American singer/songwriter who, in 2010 at the age of 20, became the youngest artist in history to win the Grammy Award for Album of the Year. In 2011 Swift was named Billboard's Woman of the Year. She also has been named the American Music Awards Artist of the Year, as well as the Entertainer of the Year for both the Country Music Association and the Academy of Country Music, among many other accolades. As of this writing, she is also the top-selling digital artist in music history. Source: [IMDB](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm2357847/bio)"
"Nigel Wray is a highly successful entrepreneur, and has been a shareholder in several companies amongst others, Domino's Pizza, Carlton Communications and Singer & Friedlander. He also has a strong commercial background built in a range of business sectors. Saracens does a lot of excellent work in its local, north London community. Nigel still calls the area home, too - having attended Mill Hill School, he now lives in Totteridge."
"Before co-founding Flatiron, Nat was Co-Founder and CEO of Invite Media, an advertising technology company based in NYC. Invite Media built the industry's first enterprise advertising platform for buying and optimizing online media in real-time. Invite Media was acquired by Google in 2010.  Prior to Invite Media, Nat started numerous internet companies and also worked at Say Media and First Round Capital.  An active angel investor, Nat has invested in over 30 technology startups throughout the country, including Bell Biosystems, Breakthrough, Care at Hand, DocPhin, Doctor Evidence, Genomera, Meddik, Oscar, and Predilytics.  Nat earned a Bachelor of Science degree cum laude in Economics with concentrations in Entrepreneurship and Marketing from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.  In his spare time, Nat is an avid golfer and tries to trick trout with fake bugs."
"Kevin is the Co-Founder & Chairman of Eventbrite and an EIR & Venture Partner at Founders Fund.  Prior to joining the firm, Kevin was Co-Founder and CEO of Eventbrite. Kevin was previously Co-Founder and CEO of Xoom Corporation, an international money transfer company servicing more than 30 countries worldwide. Xoom went public in 2012 and was acquired by PayPal in 2015.  Kevin has served as an early-stage investor and advisor to successful start-ups including Airbnb, Lookout, PayPal, Pinterest, Skybox Imaging, Trulia, Uber, and Yammer."
Nadiem Makarim is the Founder and CEO at GOJEK. He is a former Chief Innovation Officer at Kartuku and Managing Director of Zalora Indonesia. Mr. Makarim graduated from Brown University with a bachelor of arts in International Relations and Affairs.

"Henrique Dubugras is Co-Founder & CEO of Brex — the first of its kind corporate card for startups. A Brazilian entrepreneur, Henrique built payments company Pagar.me — the Stripe of Brazil — when he was sixteen years old. In just three years, Pagar.me grew to $1.5 billion in volume of transactions processed.  In the fall of 2016, Henrique sold Pagar.me and enrolled at Stanford University. After eight months, he left school and founded Brex, which raised $215M in funding across three rounds in its first 22 months and was the fastest U.S. business-to-business company to be valued at over $1bn."
"Ben Horowitz is a cofounder and general partner of the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz and The New York Times bestselling author of The Hard Thing About Hard Things, which is now available in 19 languages. Prior to a16z, Ben was cofounder and CEO of Opsware (formerly Loudcloud), which was acquired by Hewlett-Packard in 2007 for $1.6 billion, and was appointed vice president and general manager of Business Technology Optimization for Software at HP. Earlier, he was vice president and general manager of America Online’s E-commerce Platform division, where he oversaw development of the company’s flagship Shop@AOL service. Previously, Ben ran several product divisions at Netscape Communications. He also served as vice president of Netscape’s widely acclaimed Directory and Security product line. Before joining Netscape in July 1995, he held various senior product marketing positions at Lotus Development Corporation. Ben has an MS in Computer Science from UCLA and a BA in Computer Science from Columbia University. He serves on numerous boards, including Databricks, Genius, Lyft, NationBuilder, Okta, SignalFx, Tanium, and CODE2040. "
"Elad Gil is a serial entrepreneur, operating executive, and investor or advisor to private companies including AirBnB, Pinterest, Square, and Stripe.  Previously, Elad was the VP of corporate strategy at Twitter, as well as ran various product teams (Geo, Search). He also spent many years at Google, where he started the mobile team and was involved in all aspects of getting the team up and running. He was involved with 3 acquisitions (including the Android team) and was the original product manager for Google Mobile Maps and other key mobile products.  Prior to Google, Elad had product management and market seeding roles at a number of Silicon Valley companies. Elad holds a Ph.D. from MIT and has degrees in mathematics and biology from UCSD."
"Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez is an American professional baseball infielder for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball (MLB). He previously played for the Seattle Mariners and the Texas Rangers. During his 20-year career, Rodriguez has amassed a .299 batting average, 677 home runs, 2,027 runs batted in (RBIs), and over 3,000 hits. He is a 14-time All-Star and has won three American League (AL) Most Valuable Player (MVP) Awards, ten Silver Slugger Awards, and two Gold Glove Awards."
"Hao Li is Founder and CEO of Pinscreen, Inc., Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, as well as Director of the Vision and Graphics Lab at the USC Institute for Creative Technologies. He was previously a visiting professor at Weta Digital and a research lead at Industrial Light & Magic / Lucasfilm. For his contributions in non-rigid shape registration, human digitization, and real-time facial performance capture, Hao received the TR35 Award in 2013, recognizing him as one of the top 35 innovators under the age of 35, from the MIT Technology Review. He was named Andrew and Erna Viterbi Early Career Chair in 2015, and was awarded the Google Faculty Research Award and the Okawa Foundation Research Grant the same year. He won the Office of Naval Research (ONR) Young Investigator Award in 2018. He is best known for his work on dynamic geometry processing, facial animation, and data-driven techniques for making 3D human digitization and facial animation accessible to the masses. During his PhD, Hao co-created the first real-time and markerless system for performance-driven facial animation based on depth sensors. The team later commercialized a variant of this technology as the facial animation software Faceshift (acquired by Apple Inc. in 2015 and incorporated into the iPhone X in 2017). He was brought on as visiting professor at Weta Digital to build the high-fidelity facial performance capture pipeline for reenacting the deceased actor Paul Walker in the movie Furious 7 (2015). His recent research focuses on combining techniques in Deep Learning and Computer Graphics to facilitate the creation of 3D avatars and to enable true immersive face-to-face communication and telepresence in Virtual Reality."
"The Rt Hon Sir Nick Clegg served as Deputy Prime Minister in Britain’s first post war Coalition Government from 2010 to 2015. He was Leader of the Liberal Democrats from 2007 to 2015 and was a Member of Parliament for Sheffield Hallam for 12 years. Prior to his entry into British politics, he served as a leading Member of the European Parliament on trade and industry affairs and as an international trade negotiator in the European Commission dealing with the accession of China and Russia into the World Trade Organisation. As Deputy Prime Minister, Sir Nick occupied the second highest office in the country at a time when the United Kingdom was recovering from a deep recession following the banking crisis of 2008, and hugely controversial decisions were needed to restore stability to the public finances. During that time, he oversaw referenda on electoral reform and Scottish independence, and extensive reforms to the education, health and pensions systems. He was particularly associated with landmark changes to the funding of schools, early years’ education and the treatment of mental health within the NHS. His book, ‘Politics: Between the Extremes’, is a reflection on his time in Government and the place of liberalism in the current political landscape. Sir Nick is one of the most high-profile pro-European voices in British politics, and has played an influential role in the debate leading up to and since the EU referendum in June 2016. His insight into the most senior levels of UK government, combined with an integral understanding and experience of European politics, contacts at the highest levels of government across the EU, and fluency in five European languages, mean that his views and analysis on the current Government’s Brexit negotiations continue to be in high demand. He published his second best-selling book – ‘How to Stop Brexit – and Make Britain Great Again’ – in October 2017. As well as leading his small think tank, Open Reason, Sir Nick is a Global Commissioner for the Global Commission on Drugs Policy, and a trustee of the Social Mobility Foundation and Radix, a radical centrist think tank. He remains an outspoken advocate of civil liberties and centre ground politics, of radical measures to boost social mobility, and of an internationalist approach to world affairs. He received a knighthood in the 2018 New Years Honours list, for his political and public service."
"Sergey Brin, President of Alphabet and one of Google’s founders, has served as a member of Alphabet’s board of directors since October 2015. He has served as a member of Google’s board of directors since its inception in September 1998.  From July 2001 to April 2011, Sergey served as Google’s President, Technology. In addition, from September 1998 to July 2001, Sergey served as Google’s President and chairman of Google’s board of directors.  Sergey holds a Master of Science degree in computer science from Stanford University and a Bachelor of Science degree with high honors in mathematics and computer science from the University of Maryland at College Park."
"Arianna Huffington is the founder of The Huffington Post, the founder and CEO of Thrive Global, and the author of 15 books, including, most recently, Thrive and The Sleep Revolution.  In May 2005, she launched The Huffington Post, a news and blog site that quickly became one of the most widely-read, linked to, and frequently-cited media brands on the Internet, and in 2012 won a Pulitzer Prize for national reporting. In August 2016, she launched Thrive Global, a corporate and consumer well-being and productivity platform with the mission of changing the way we work and live by ending the collective delusion that burnout is the price we must pay for success. Thrive Global provides trainings, seminars, e-courses, coaching and ongoing support based on the latest scientific findings to improve people’s health and increase productivity for both companies and individuals around the world.  She has been named to Time Magazine's list of the world’s 100 most influential people and the Forbes Most Powerful Women list."
"Eric Lefkofsky is the founder and CEO at Tempus. He is co-founder of Lightbank, a venture fund investing in disruptive technology businesses. He is also the co-founder and Chairman of Groupon (NASDAQ: GRPN), a global e-commerce marketplace, and an early investor in Uptake Technologies, a leading predictive analytics platform for the world’s largest industries; Mediaocean, a leading provider of integrated media procurement technology; Echo Global Logistics (NASDAQ: ECHO), a technology-enabled transportation and logistics outsourcing firm; and InnerWorkings (NASDAQ: INWK), a global provider of managed print and promotional solutions. He co-chairs the Lefkofsky Family Foundation with his wife Liz to advance high-impact initiatives that enhance lives in the communities served. Lefkofsky serves as a Trustee of Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago, The Art Institute of Chicago, The Museum of Science and Industry and World Business Chicago. He is also Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Chicago's Steppenwolf Theatre Company. Lefkofsky is an adjunct professor at the University of Chicago and author of Accelerated Disruption: Understanding the True Speed of Innovation. He graduated from the University of Michigan and received his Juris Doctor at University of Michigan Law School. For more information, visit lefkofsky.com."
"Scooter Braun is one of the entertainment industry’s biggest entrepreneurs and innovators and the founder of SB Projects, a diversified entertainment and media company with ventures at the intersection of music, film, television, technology, brands, culture, and social good. Braun has a roster of the top pop culture icons under his management, record label, and publishing companies that include Justin Bieber, Ariana Grande, Zac Brown Band, and Karlie Kloss. Braun has broken more new artists than any other music executive in the last decade and has expanded his reach by establishing a fund, which invests in some of the largest management, media, and rights companies in the industry. SB Projects houses a film and television production division and also continues to impact new verticals under its tech incubator, Silent Labs, which holds investments in Uber, Spotify, Songza, Casper, Waze, and Pinterest. Braun also leads Ithaca Holdings LLC., a fully integrated holding company with interests across multiple verticals. The company has built an elite portfolio of acquisitions and partnerships including the acquisition of Scott Borchetta's Big Machine Label Group, Mythos Studios with Marvel Founding Chairman David Maisel, the acquisition of Atlas Publishing, and partnerships with management companies. Braun remains committed to SB Projects’ founding philosophy of giving back by serving on the boards of Pencils of Promise and Fuck Cancer, and he, his clients, and his companies have – together – granted more wishes for Make-A-Wish than any other organization in the history of the foundation."
"Andrew has more than 15 years of experience in semiconductor development and design at a variety of venture-backed startups and public companies including AMD, Sun Microsystems, and Cavium. He has successfully taped out multiple projects in areas ranging from high-end enterprise to consumer-grade equipment for applications in networking, computing, video compression, and video distribution. These projects have included analog/mixed-signal full custom IC design, ASIC, and FPGA-based products. Andrew was a Director at Cavium where he managed the ASIC design team and back-end implementation of Cavium’s consumer wireless video processor products."
"Scott Belsky is an entrepreneur, author, and investor. Scott co-founded Behance in 2006, and served as CEO until Adobe acquired Behance in 2012. Millions of people use Behance to display their portfolios, as well as track and find top talent across the creative industries. After Behance's acquisition, Scott served as Adobe's Vice President of Products, rebooting Adobe's mobile product strategy and leading Behance until 2016 when he became a full-time venture capitalist as a General Partner at Benchmark. Scott returned to his love for the creative world, and building products and teams full-time, as Chief Product Officer and EVP of Creative Cloud, at Adobe in late 2017.  He continues to work with Benchmark as a Venture Partner, as well as several other early stage venture firms. Scott also manages a portfolio of over 150 private companies from his early investments and product advisory roles in companies including Pinterest, Uber, Carta, Flexport, Airtable, sweetgreen, and many others in the early stages. Scott is also the author of the bestselling books Making Ideas Happen and The Messy Middle (Portfolio Imprint, Penguin Books, April, 2010 and Oct 2018, respectively). Scott is also the founder of the 99U conference for leaders in the design world, and is an advocate for technology and community initiatives that empower creative people and help businesses leverage the creative potential of their people. In 2010, Scott was also included in Fast Company's list of ""100 Most Creative People in Business."" Prior to founding Behance, Scott helped grow the Pine Street Leadership Development Initiative at Goldman, Sachs & Co. Scott was especially focused on organizational improvement and strengthening relationships with clients. Scott serves on the Advisory Board of Cornell University's Entrepreneurship Program and is a member of the Board of Trustees for the Smithsonian Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum. He attended Cornell University as an undergraduate and received his MBA from Harvard Business School. Scott and his family live in New York City and San Francisco."
"With an eye toward delivering a modern, progressive customer experience, Chris Kempczinski oversees strategy, planning and new concept innovation for McDonald’s.  His role is to serve the business units and franchisees by identifying new ideas and best practices to accelerate their growth and grow the overall value of the system. Kempczinski has significant experience in strategy and operations with some of the world’s leading consumer companies, including Procter & Gamble, PepsiCo and most recently, Kraft Heinz. He has a proven track record of driving transformative change, which is invaluable as McDonald’s evolves its restaurant experience and business model to consistently deliver top-tier shareholder returns. Most recently, Kempczinski was Executive Vice President of Growth Initiatives and President of Kraft International, where he oversaw Kraft’s global corporate growth agenda and was responsible for driving the business in 80 countries outside of the United States, making up roughly $3 billion in net revenue. Kempczinski has an MBA from Harvard Business School and an undergraduate degree in public policy and economics from Duke University."
"Peter Thiel is a technology entrepreneur and investor.He first gained attention for innovations in banking and startup finance. Today he is known as the mentor of the PayPal mafia of entrepreneurs, as well as for his warnings of a coming technology deficit with severe economic consequences. He works to accelerate innovation to prevent such a crisis by identifying and funding promising technology ideas and by guiding successful companies to scale and dominate their industries. In 1998,Thiel made e-commerce easier, faster, and more secure by co-founding and leading PayPal, which now has more than 128 million active financial accounts. In 2002, he sold PayPal to eBay and founded a global macro fund, Clarium.In 2004, he co-founded Palantir Technologies, which offers platforms for finance companies and intelligence, defense, and law enforcement communities to integrate, visualize, and analyze the world’s information. In the same year, he made the first outside investment in Facebook, a social networking hub that now has more than a billion million active members. He serves on its board. Building on his personal success as a venture capital investor, Thiel co-founded and manages Founders Fund, a leading Silicon Valley venture capital fund that has pioneered new methods of venture financing that benefit founders. Through Founders Fund, as well as through his private investing, he has helped the next generation of tech companies, such as SpaceX, LinkedIn, Yelp, RoboteX, and Spotify. And in 2012 he co-founded Mithril Capital Management, an international technology investment fund.Thiel established and funds the Thiel Foundation, which promotes freedom in all its forms. He sponsors the Committee to Protect Journalists, The Seasteading Institute, and the Human Rights Foundation. He funds the artificial intelligence research of theMachine Intelligence Research Institute.  He also aids work against violence through theOslo Freedom Forum and through the research of philosopher René Girard, which is extended and promulgated by Imitatio. He also promotes better health by funding the longevity research of Dr. Cynthia Kenyon and the SENS Research Foundation.Thiel created the 20 Under 20 Thiel Fellowship, which nurtures the tech visionaries of tomorrow. And he formed Breakout Labs to help independent scientists, engineers, and inventors advance their most radical ideas. Thiel earned a B.A. in philosophy from Stanford University and a J.D. from Stanford Law School, where he occasionally teaches on globalization and technology and serves on the board of overseers of the Hoover Institution.  His articles have appeared in Policy Review and the Wall Street Journal. He co-produced the film Thank You for Smoking, was rated a master by the United States Chess Federation, and received the Innovation Award from the Economist in 2010. He lives in San Francisco."
"Mandee Woodard is the Executive Vice President of Business Affairs for Venture Beyond(VENBEYCAP); a private company, that manages the business interests, land holdings, and investments of Courtney Jordan.  Additional, she has served as Interim President of the Courtney Jordan Group; a global advocate for education. Leading the transition team in closing out all major programs, and consolidating resources to shift into a new mission and purpose. As EVP of Business Affairs, She is responsible for all new project acquisitions, development, and management of all existing businesses. Being the direct report for more than 20 CEOs, General Managers, and Managers around the world.  More Information can be found at www.mandeewoodard.com"
Rahul Vohra is the Founder and CEO at Superhuman. He is also the Technical Advisor at BOLDstart Ventures and Investor & Advisor at Partender and Investor of sendwithus and EasyPost. Rahul Vohra is a former CEO and Co-Founder of Rapportive and Game Designer at Jagex. Rahul received a bachelor of arts in Computer Science at the University of Cambrigdge.
"Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association. Irving was born in Melbourne, Australia, and raised in West Orange, New Jersey. He played basketball for one year at Duke University before being selected first in the 2011 NBA draft."
"Amit Shah focuses on early-stage investments, creating globally renowned businesses, where technology innovation and markets intersect. He targets large markets across all business sectors including materials related technologies (Adama Materials); construction (Aditazz); dynamic, large-scale analytics (Guavus); and consumer motion processing (NYSE:INVN) amongst others. Prior to founding Artiman Ventures, Amit was a successful repeat entrepreneur. Both companies he founded were acquired: Zeitnet (acquired by Cabletron) and PipeLinks (acquired by Cisco). He was also General Partner of Anthelion Capital, a seed stage venture firm based in Menlo Park, CA. Amit holds a B.S.E.E from M.S. University Baroda and did graduate work at UC Irvine. Over his career he has led investments in many companies such as Everest Design Automation (acquired by Synopsys), IKANOS (Nasdaq: IKAN), iManage (Nasdaq: IMAN), Lightwire (acquired by Cisco Systems), Netscaler (acquired by Citrix), Sierra Design Automation (acquired by Mentor Graphics), Tavant (acquired by Ameriquest). He is currently on the boards of Adama Materials, Aditazz, Guavus, HomeUnion, Niron Magnetics, Kaybus and InvenSense."
"Founder - 101 Islands LLC and Founder and Patent holder - GROTU mobile app. Angel investor in 33 pre-IPO technology startups. Frequently invited by accelerators and angel forums to Judge startup competitions and discuss technology innovation. Former IT Consulting industry executive who sold hundreds of millions of dollars in consulting services to Fortune 500 companies working for Cap Gemini, HCL, L&T, NTT data."
"David is a tenured and chaired professor at The Wharton School where he is also an award-winning teacher and researcher. He started Wharton's first ever course on Digital Marketing and E-Commerce and is also author of Location Is is (Still) Everything: The Surprising Influence of the Real World on How We Search, Shop, and Sell in the Virtual One, a playbook for how to win in the digital economy. David’s book was published in Portuguese in 2016 for Brazil and in Mandarin in 2017 for the Chinese market.  David speaks frequently and globally on digital marketing, retailing, and the future of commerce for clients including Alibaba, Google, Haier, Nike, and Ralph Lauren. David is an early investor in leading brands including Bonobos (acquired by Walmart for $310m), Diapers.com (acquired by Amazon for $545m), Harry’s, Jet.com (acquired by Walmart for $3.3b), and Warby Parker, among others.  David is also President of Idea Farm Ventures, a new New York City based venture studio that founds and invests in consumer lifestyle brands. He is a New Zealand citizen and holds a Ph.D. (Graduate School of Business) and an M.S. (Statistics), from Stanford University. "
"Andy Rubin is the founder and CEO of Playground Global, a venture capital firm focused on tech startups working at the intersection of bits, atoms and AI. Andy is also the founder and CEO of Essential Products, a new kind of company dedicated to creating delightful consumer experiences. Essential Phone and 360 Camera are the company's first products. Andy is most known for his work in mobile, as the co-founder and CEO of both Android and Danger (maker of ""sidekick"", one of the first smartphones to offer a true internet experience). Andy joined Google in 2005 via the acquisition of Android, which under his leadership became the most used operating system in the world. He also built Google’s mobile and digital content businesses and launched products and managed teams responsible for Nexus branded handsets, speech recognition, predictive assistants, music, movies and more. After Android he went on to start Google's robotics effort via the acquisitions of Boston Dynamics, Schaft (winner of the DARPA Robotics challenge) and others. Earlier in his career, Andy helped build and ship WebTV, the first interactive television-based internet service, and led the development and shipment of the Motorola Envoy, one of the first wireless PDAs for General Magic. "
"Katzenberg has served as our Chief Executive Officer and member of our Board of Directors since October 2004. Katzenberg co-founded and was a principal member of DreamWorks Studios from its founding in October 1994 until its sale to Paramount in January 2006. Prior to founding DreamWorks Studios, Katzenberg served as chairman of the board of The Walt Disney Studios from 1984 to 1994. As chairman, he was responsible for the worldwide production, marketing and distribution of all Disney filmed entertainment, including motion pictures, television, cable, syndication, home entertainment and interactive entertainment. During his tenure, the studio produced a number of live-action and animated box office hits, including Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin and The Lion King. Prior to joining Disney, Katzenberg was president of Paramount Studios. Katzenberg serves on the boards of The Motion Picture and Television Fund, The Museum of Moving Image, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, California Institute of the Arts and The Simon Wiesenthal Center. He is co-chairman of each of the Creative Rights Committee of the Directors Guild of America, and the Committee on the Professional Status of Writers of the Writers Guild of America. In addition, his fundraising efforts on behalf of AIDS Project Los Angeles have helped to provide its clients with medical and social services. As a director, Katzenberg serves on and chairs our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee."
"Eric is our Co-Founder and has served as a member of our board of directors since March 2007, and most recently as our CTO.  Previously, Eric served as an Engineer Manager at CNET Networks, as a Co-Founder of Wind-Up Labs, a founding engineer of Epesi Technologies, and a technical member of the Real-Time Collaboration Group at Microsoft Corporation.  Eric holds a B.S. and M.S. in Computer Science from Yale University. He was selected to serve as a member of our board of directors due to the perspective and experience he brings as our Co-Founder and CTO."
"Brad Smith is Microsoft's President. He leads the company's Department of Corporate, External and Legal and Affairs, which is responsible for all legal work and for government, industry and community affairs activities. Smith has played a leading role at Microsoft on intellectual property, competition law, and other Internet legal and public policy issues. He is also the company's chief compliance officer.  Since becoming general counsel in 2002, he has overseen numerous negotiations with governments and other companies, including Microsoft's 2002 antitrust settlement with state attorneys general, its 2002 data privacy negotiations with the Federal Trade Commission and European Commission, and agreements to address antitrust or IP issues with Time Warner, Sun Microsystems, RealNetworks, IBM and Novell. Smith is responsible for Microsoft's intellectual property work, including all of its IP portfolio, licensing and public policy activities. He has helped spearhead the growth in the company's patent portfolio and the launch of global campaigns to bring enforcement actions against those engaged in software piracy and counterfeiting and against viruses, spyware and other threats to Internet safety.  He is also responsible for the expansion of Microsoft citizenship and philanthropic activities, work to revise its contracts to make them more customer-friendly, and the strengthening of legal compliance programs, issuing Standards of Business Conduct for all Microsoft employees and creating an Office of Legal Compliance. Smith previously worked for five years as Deputy General Counsel for Worldwide Sales, and before that, he spent three years managing the company's European Law and Corporate Affairs group, based in Paris. Before joining Microsoft, he was a partner at Covington & Burling, having worked in the firm's Washington, D.C. and London offices and represented a number of companies in the computing industry. Smith graduated summa cum laude from Princeton University, where he received the Class of 1901 Medal, the Dewitt Clinton Poole Memorial Prize, and the Harold Willis Dodds Achievement Award, the highest award given to a graduating senior at commencement. He was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar at the Columbia University School of Law, where he received the David M. Berger Memorial Award. He also studied international law and economics at the Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva, Switzerland. He has written numerous articles regarding international intellectual property and electronic commerce issues, and has served as a lecturer at the Hague Academy of International Law."
"Priscilla Chan is co-founder of the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, a philanthropic organization she started with her husband, Mark Zuckerberg, in December 2015. As a pediatrician and former teacher, her work with patients and students in communities across the Bay Area has informed her desire to make learning more personalized and find a path to cure disease. She is also the founder of The Primary School, which integrates health and education and serves children and families in East Palo Alto and the Belle Haven neighborhood in Menlo Park, California. Priscilla earned her BA in Biology at Harvard University and her MD at University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). She completed her pediatrics training in the UCSF/PLUS Pediatrics Residency. "
"Payam Zamani is a die-hard entrepreneur, Internet pioneer and angel investor who has founded several technology and Internet-based companies, including Autoweb.com, the first online car buying service, which completed a successful IPO in 1999 reaching a market cap of $1.2B; BuyerLink (formerly Reply.com), and Contractors.com. He is currently the founder, chairman and CEO of One Planet Ops Inc, a unique hybrid firm combining operating technology companies, a socially-responsible angel fund and a startup business incubator, all designed to run, build and invest in disruptive technology businesses—while attempting to run these businesses in a humble spirit of sustainable service to humanity.   Born in Iran, Payam was raised a member of the Baha’i faith, a peaceful religion focused on bringing about love and unity amongst people of all races and backgrounds. Payam left Iran in 1987 at the age of 16, fleeing religious persecution and ended up in Pakistan before being granted asylum in the U.S. and landing in San Francisco in June 1988.   Thrilled for the opportunity to attend University (Baha’i’s are still not able to attend University in Iran), Payam put himself through college and earned a B.S. in environmental toxicology from the University of California, Davis. Shortly after graduating, he began his entrepreneurial journey founding and helping others launch Internet-based businesses.    Payam currently serves or previously has served on the Board of Directors or Advisors to many technology-based startups, including The RealReal, TalkWheel, ChatSports, Fundly, SoulPancake, EnerAllies and Les Concierges.   Payam is the founder and the editor-in-chief of BahaiTeachings.org – a spiritual enlightenment website. He is also currently a board member at Tahirih Justice Center, which protects immigrant women and girls fleeing violence, and previously was an advisory board member at The Mona Foundation, which supports grassroots educational initiatives and seeks to raise the status of women and girls worldwide."
Adam Smith is the co-founder of [Xobni](http://www.crunchbase.com/organization/xobni).
"Four decades after co-founding Microsoft, entrepreneur and philanthropist Paul G. Allen is still exploring the frontiers of technology and human knowledge, and working to change the future. Through his company Vulcan Inc. Mr. Allen is working to save endangered species, improve ocean health, tackle contagious diseases, research the human brain and build sustainable communities. In all his endeavors, Mr. Allen constantly asks “What if…?” and pushes people to challenge conventional thinking, collaborate across disciplines and reimagine what’s possible. Aptly, Mr. Allen named his company for Vulcan, the Roman god of fire. According to myth, Vulcan was tossed from the heavens as a child, raised by a sea nymph, and grew up as a strong-willed, freethinking outsider. That spirit of independence fueled Vulcan’s approach as a blacksmith, and helped him forge works that no one else – not even the gods – thought were possible. As a company, the modern Vulcan’s mission is to discover and develop smart solutions for some of the world’s toughest challenges. As the idea man and original technologist behind Microsoft, Mr. Allen pioneered the PC software industry in the late 1970s and early 1980s – a development that ultimately enabled billions of people to use computers and unlocked incalculable human and economic potential. In the years since, Mr. Allen has used his wealth to tackle a wide range of challenges, and to expand the horizons of human possibility. For example, since 2003, Mr. Allen has invested more than $350 million in brain research, primarily through the Allen Institute for Brain Science. The Allen Institute is developing a detailed, digital atlas of the human brain and spinal cord. These growing public resources will dramatically accelerate advances in neuroscience and could ultimately lead to revolutionary treatments for traumatic brain injuries, dementia, paralysis and other problems. Mr. Allen also founded the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence to explore critical questions in AI. And in 2014, he founded the Allen Institute for Cell Science and its inaugural project, the Allen Cell Observatory, which will accelerate disease research by creating predictive cell models. As he explores new frontiers in science, Mr. Allen is also pushing to explore planetary boundaries. For example, Mr. Allen funded SpaceShipOne, the first private spacecraft to carry a civilian into suborbital space and safely home again, an historic triumph that in 2004 captured the Ansari X-Prize. More recently, Mr. Allen formed Vulcan Aerospace to collaborate across space travel investments and oversee the Stratolaunch System, an orbital launch model that will dramatically change the economics of space launches. Equally committed to earthly challenges, Mr. Allen gave $100 million to fight the West African Ebola epidemic. Announced in 2014, his gift was the largest private donation in the world focused entirely on this deadly plague, and served as a catalyst to spur greater involvement from governments and other donors around the world. Mr. Allen’s philanthropy also encompasses history and the arts. An avid guitarist, his love for the music of Jimi Hendrix inspired him to found the EMP MUSEUM, which explores the ideas and risks that fuel pop culture. Mr. Allen is also the founder of the Flying Heritage Collection, a collection of rare WWII aircraft and artifacts restored to working condition, and the Living Computer Museum, a collection of restored vintage timesharing computer equipment. He is also the Chair of VULCAN PRODUCTIONS, an award-winning media company that develops and supports media projects that help audiences understand and respond to challenges facing the world around them. Mr. Allen is the proud owner of several of the greenest teams in sports, including the National Basketball Association’s Portland Trailblazers and the National Football Association’s Seattle Seahawks. He is also part of the primary ownership group for Seattle Sounders FC, Seattle’s Major League Soccer team. It is Mr. Allen’s firm belief that, with the right team, anything is possible – no matter what the endeavor may be. All told, Mr. Allen’s philanthropic contributions exceed $2 billion. As a member of the Giving Pledge, he remains committed to giving away the majority of his fortune."
"Katrina is passionate about helping women achieve everyday confidence. She founded Stitch Fix to help women everywhere discover and explore their style through a truly client-focused shopping experience. Prior to founding Stitch Fix, Katrina developed extensive experience at the intersection of fashion, retail, and technology. She managed the blogger platform at venture-backed social commerce company Polyvore and consulted with a variety of e-commerce and traditional retailers during her time at The Parthenon Group. Additionally, she has invested in and worked with dozens of entrepreneurs and start-ups at Leader Ventures. Katrina holds a B.S. in Economics from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School."
"Former Vice President Al Gore is co-founder and chairman of Generation Investment Management, a partnership that is focused on a new approach to sustainable investing. He is also co-founder and chairman of Current TV, an Emmy Award-winning, independent cable and satellite television news and information network based on viewer-created content and citizen journalism. In addition, Gore joined Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers in 2007, and is a member of the board of directors of Apple and senior adviser to Google. Gore spends the majority of his time as chairman of The Climate Reality Project, a non-profit focused on solutions to the climate crisis. Gore was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1976, 1978, 1980 and 1982 and the U.S. Senate in 1984 and 1990. He was inaugurated as the forty-fifth Vice President of the United States on January 20, 1993, and served eight years. During the Administration, Gore was a central member of President Clinton’s economic team. He served as President of the Senate, a Cabinet member, a member of the National Security Council and as the leader of a wide range of Administration initiatives. He is the author of the bestsellers Earth in the Balance, An Inconvenient Truth, The Assault on Reason, and Our Choice: A Plan to Solve the Climate Crisis. He is the subject of an Oscar-winning documentary and is the co-recipient, with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize for informing the world of the dangers posed by climate change."

"Michael Cohen, Managing Director, Chairman of the Investment Committee of Venovate Marketplace. Michael Cohen is an accomplished executive with an extensive background in investment banking, portfolio management, venture capital, and entrepreneurship. He has founded successful multi-million dollar funds, built firms from the ground up, and negotiated numerous high-stakes deals. Michael acts as the Chairman of the Investment Committee at Venovate Marketplace."
"Rohit Sharma is a partner at True Ventures. He began his career as founder and CTO of ONI Systems, which pioneered the use of optical switching and real-time signal processing technologies in optical networks. ONI Systems was acquired by Ciena, where Rohit served as SVP and CTO of Metro Networks Group. Rohit holds a bachelor’s degree in electronics and communications engineering from India’s National Institute of Technology, Kurukshetra. He also holds Master of Science and Doctor of Philosophy degrees in electrical engineering from University of Alberta, Canada, where he endowed a professorship in digital communications in 2004. In 2013, he was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Science by the President of India at NITK’s 50th anniversary convocation. Rohit is fascinated by many aspects of innovation and technology. He believes all rabbit holes, especially across technology and society, are worth exploring. He is also a keen student of the many ways in which startups evolve into thriving companies. Rohit firmly believes that the “people part” of a startup is just as, if not more, critical to a company’s success than the technology piece of the business."
"T.V. Mohandas Pai popularly known as Mohan brings with him decades of operational and leadership experience. Mohan is the Chairman of Manipal Global Education, he is also an ardent supporter of the Akshaya Patra Foundation and is one of the members of the board of trustees of Akshaya Patra. In the past Mohan has served as a Member of the Board of Infosys from May 2000– July 2011. He was voted 'CFO of the Year' in 2001 by IMA India, has won the 'Best CFO in India' award from Finance Asia in 2002, and 'Best chief financial officer in India' in the Best Managed Companies poll conducted by AsiaMoney in 2004. Mohan is on the board of several start-up companies and continues to mentor them on their journey leap forward."
"Steve Ballmer is a former director of Microsoft Corporation. He joined Microsoft in 1980 and was the company’s first business manager. Ballmer retired as Chief Executive Officer on Feb. 4, 2014. Before becoming CEO in 2000, his roles at Microsoft included senior vice president of sales and support, senior vice president of systems software and vice president of marketing. Under his leadership, Microsoft more than tripled revenue and doubled profits. Ballmer was born in March 1956, and he grew up near Detroit where his father worked as a manager at Ford Motor Company. Ballmer earned a bachelor’s degree in mathematics and economics from Harvard University. He worked for two years at Procter & Gamble Company as an assistant product manager and attended Stanford University Graduate School of Business before joining Microsoft."
"Bernard Arnault is Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer at LVMH Moët Hennessy – Louis Vuitton, the world’s leading luxury products group.  Born to an industrial family in Roubaix, France on March 5, 1949, Bernard attended the Roubaix lycée and the Faidherbe lycée in Lille. Bernard then went on to study at the Ecole Polytechnique, graduating in 1971.  Bernard began his professional career that year as an Engineer with the Ferret-Savinel construction company and successively was promoted to various executive management positions before becoming Chairman of the Board of Directors in 1978. Bernard remained there until 1984, when he undertook the reorganization of the Financière Agache holding company. Bernard returned the group to profitability as he embarked upon a strategy of developing the world’s leading luxury products company. In the process, Bernard reinvigorated Christian Dior as the cornerstone of the new organization.  In 1989, Bernard became the majority shareholder of LVMH Moët Hennessy – Louis Vuitton, creating the world’s leading luxury products group. Bernard has been Chairman of the BOard of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the company since that date.  Bernard is also President of the Board of Directors of Groupe Arnault S.A. (his family holding company).  Bernard is married and has five children. Bernard has been awarded the honory titles of Grand Officer of the Legion of Honour and Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters."
"David Sacks is an Internet entrepreneur and investor. He was the original COO and product leader of PayPal and Founder/CEO of Yammer (acquired by Microsoft in 2012 for $1.2 billion).  Sacks has invested in a number of successful tech companies, including Facebook, Uber, SpaceX, Palantir, Airbnb and Houzz."
"Evan Spiegel is Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer at Snap Inc. Spiegel graduated from Stanford University with a BS in Product Design. Snap Inc. is a camera company and believes that reinventing the camera represents their greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Their products empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world and have fun together."
"Jason Robins is Chief Executive Officer of DraftKings, the innovative sports-tech entertainment platform that is changing the way consumers around the world engage with and consume sports. Robins co-founded DraftKings in 2012 and oversees all of the company’s strategy and operations, while also driving funding and partnerships. Robins has quickly built a reputation for expanding DraftKings’ reach across numerous platforms through wide-ranging, forward-thinking partnerships. Under his leadership, DraftKings became the first DFS company to sign a league partnership, with Major League Baseball (MLB) in 2013. Since then, the company has signed three additional league-wide partnerships, including the National Hockey League (NHL) and NASCAR. DraftKings is also the exclusive partner of 12 National Football League (NFL) teams, seven National Basketball League (NBA) teams, 27 MLB teams and seven NHL teams. Robins attended Duke University, where he received his degree in Economics and Computer Science. He resides with his wife and sons in the Boston area."
"Ryan Smith is the co-founder and CEO of Qualtrics. Prior to co-founding Qualtrics in 2002, Ryan worked at Ford Motor Company for brand management."
"Anthony brings a unique set of talents mixing an unrelenting passion for technology with a proven business minded, entrepreneurial background. For more than 15 years, Anthony has been a leader in new business ventures using technology to solve business problems. He has been involved in multiple technology organizations in the mobile and enterprise software applications space. Prior to founding Got Sync Music, Anthony was an angel investor via the Monition Partners angel fund, an advisor to multiple technology startups in the enterprise applications and mobile software space, and a Partner with the IT Strategy firm Thought Ensemble. Prior to Thought Ensemble, Anthony held multiple leadership roles as Founder and CEO of 2GO Software (A mobile SaaS enterprise application company), President and CTO of MP2 Solutions (a mobile hardware and software company), Founder and CEO of Amplific Technologies (A mobile software development company), as Founder of Imagio Productions (A rights managed stock photography company), and as a Software Engineer for the Microsoft Corporation. Anthony is a fervent believer in giving back and currently acts as a mentor for several start-up and not-for-profit companies. On a regular basis Anthony spends time with the management of YouthForce (www.teenjobs.org), Youth In Focus (www.youthinfocus.org), and Global Visionaries (www.global-visionaries.org) assisting these organizations to view their non-profits like a for-profit business and build strategic operating plans that encourage them to realize rapid growth much like a startup company might. He also serves and has served on several nonprofit and community boards, including the West Seattle STEM School Design Committee, Entrepreneurs Foundation of North Texas (EFNT), the Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship (NFTE), Tech America (formerly known as AEA), TeXchange, an organization that promotes entrepreneurs and technology, and is a partner with the Seattle Social Venture Partners."
"Born in Kapuskasing, Ontario, Canada, James Cameron grew up in the historic village of Chippawa, near Niagara Falls. In 1971, he moved to Brea, California where he studied physics at Fullerton Junior College while working as a machinist and, later, a truck driver. Cameron quit his trucking job in 1978 and raised money from local dentists to produce a 35mm short film. The visual effects in this film led to work on Roger Corman's BATTLE BEYOND THE STARS (1980). In 1983, Cameron wrote three scripts: RAMBO: FIRST BLOOD PART 2, ALIENS, and THE TERMINATOR. He directed THE TERMINATOR, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, in 1984. Cameron subsequently directed ALIENS (1986), then wrote and directed THE ABYSS (1989). Following that he wrote, produced and directed TERMINATOR 2:JUDGMENT DAY (1991), TRUE LIES (1994), TITANIC (1997), and AVATAR (2009). He also co-wrote and produced POINT BREAK (1991) and STRANGE DAYS (1994), as well as produced SOLARIS (2003). His films have blazed new trails in visual effects and set numerous performance records both domestically and abroad. AVATAR currently holds both the domestic and worldwide box office records having grossed more than $2.7 billion at the global box office, beating the previous record holder, TITANIC, which held that record for 12 years. Cameron's films have also earned numerous nominations and awards from a variety of organizations, including TITANIC's record-setting 14 Academy Award nominations and 11 Oscars (the most any movie has received), including Cameron's three Oscars for Best Picture, Best Direction and Best Editing. AVATAR won the Golden Globes for Best Director and Best Picture. It was nominated for nine Academy Awards and won three. Cameron has also been an avid scuba diver since 1969. In 1995, Cameron made 12 manned-submersible dives to the Titanic in preparation for his feature film. The technical success of that expedition fueled his desire to bring the experience of deep ocean exploration to audiences around the world. He turned to documentary filmmaking and formed Earthship Productions to develop films about ocean exploration and conservation. His team's historic exploration of the inside of Titanic was the subject of Cameron's 3-D Imax film, GHOSTS OF THE ABYSS, which utilized the 3D camera system that he developed with Vince Pace. In May of 2002, Cameron guided his robotic cameras inside the wreck of Bismarck for the Discovery Channel documentary, JAMES CAMERON'S EXPEDITION: BISMARCK. Cameron's team then made four expeditions to deep hydrothermal vent sites in the Atlantic, Pacific and Sea of Cortez over a two-year period, which became the subject of ALIENS OF THE DEEP, also released in 3D IMAX. Most recently, Cameron has led seven deep ocean expeditions with more than 70 deep submersible dives, including 51 Mir dives to depths up to 16,000 feet. As an explorer, Cameron has been equally fascinated by outer as well as inner space. He is currently a co-investigator on the Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) Mastcam, which will be the first 3D motion imaging camera to operate on another planet, when it begins its exploration there in 2011. Cameron served on the NASA Advisory Council for three years. Cameron is also continuing to develop a number of ocean projects, and other environmentally themed documentaries."
"Kamala D Harris is the 32nd Attorney General of the State of California. She is the first woman, the first African American, and the first South Asian to hold the office in the history of California. As chief law enforcement officer for the State of California, she has focused on combating transnational gangs, increasing the adoption of technology and data-driven policing by law enforcement, and improving public safety by reducing recidivism. Kamala D Harris has fought to reduce elementary school truancy in California, preserve the state’s natural resources, and ensure marriage equality for all Californians. She has also worked with the technology industry to improve online privacy and safety. Following the national mortgage crisis, she secured more than 20 billion U.S. dollars for struggling California homeowners from the nation’s banks and wrote a comprehensive package of foreclosure reforms. Kamala D Harris began her career in the Alameda County District Attorney’s Office, where she specialized in prosecuting child sexual assault cases. In 1998, she joined the San Francisco District Attorney’s Office, where she led the Career Criminal Unit. She also served as the head of the San Francisco City Attorney’s Division on Children and Families. Born in Oakland, California, Kamala D Harris received her undergraduate degree from Howard University and her law degree from the University of California, Hastings College of the Law. She is married to Doug Emhoff and is the author of the book Smart on Crime: A Career Prosecutor’s Plan to Make Us Safer. She currently resides in San Francisco, California."
"Markus Villig is Founder and CEO of Bolt.eu, leading transportation platform in EMEA. He founded the company in 2013, being just 19-years old, he is now the youngest founder of a billion dollar company in Europe as well as the youngest tech CEO in Forbes Europe 30 under 30."
"Chambers has served as a member of the Board of Directors since November 1993. He served as Chairman of the Board of Directors since November 2006. Chambers, who was appointed Executive Chairman in July 2015, served as Cisco’s Chief Executive Officer from January 1995 until July 2015, and he also served as President from January 1995 to November 2006.  He joined Cisco as Senior Vice President in January 1991 and was promoted to Executive Vice President in June 1994, prior to assuming the roles of President and Chief Executive Officer in January 1995. Before joining Cisco, Chambers was employed by Wang Laboratories, Inc. for eight years, where, in his last role, he was the Senior Vice President of U.S. Operations. Chambers led Cisco for more than 20 years. During his tenure as Chief Executive Officer, Cisco’s annual revenue grew from $2.0 billion in fiscal 1995 to $49.2 billion in fiscal 2015. Chambers brings to the Board of Directors his thorough knowledge of Cisco’s business, strategy, people, operations, competition and financial position. Chambers provides recognized executive leadership and vision. In addition, he brings with him a global network of customer, industry and government relationships."
"Tim Sweeney is founder and CEO of Epic Games, the company behind the Unreal Engine as well as games such as Gears of War, Unreal Tournament, Infinity Blade and Fortnite.  Sweeney started Epic in 1991 with the release of its first shareware game, and then wrote much of the first-generation Unreal Engine.   He has led the company through the eras of PC, console and mobile gaming and now looking forward into the emerging worlds of free to play, virtual reality and augmented reality."
"Kirstjen Michele Nielsen was born May 14, 1972, in Colorado Springs, Colorado. She earned a Bachelor of Science degree in foreign service from Georgetown University and a Juris Doctorate degree from the University of Virginia Law School. After graduating from law school, Nielsen practiced corporate transactional law at Haynes and Boone LLP and worked for Senator Connie Mack of Florida. In 2004, President George W. Bush commissioned her as special assistant to the President for prevention. There she established and managed the Offices of Legislative Policy and Government Affairs at the newly formed Transportation Security Administration (TSA). Nielson also joined President Bush’s homeland security council to devise and execute response plans for domestic incidents. In 2007, she became general counsel and president of the homeland security and private sector preparedness practice at Civitas Group LLC. Nielsen then founded and became president of Sunesis Consulting LLC, a private consulting firm focused on providing preparedness strategies. Nielsen returned to government in January 2017 as chief of staff to John Kelly, who was secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. Nielsen’s main responsibility was to advise then-Secretary Kelly on operational, policy, and legal matters involving counter-terrorism, cybersecurity, and border security. When President Trump appointed Kelly as White House chief of staff in July 2017, Kelly brought Nielsen with him to become his deputy chief of staff. President Trump nominated Nielsen as secretary of Homeland Security in October 2017. On December 5, 2017, the Senate confirmed Nielsen as 6th secretary of the department with a 62-37 vote. Nielsen was the first homeland security secretary who previously held a position within the department. Secretary Nielsen led the Trump administration’s focus to reduce immigration. Her tenure was controversial as she worked to implement Trump’s zero-tolerance family separation policy, taking children away from their parents at the border. The policy was so divisive that the Trump administration ended it after less than three months, but the administration requested two years to try to reunite children with their families due to inadequate record keeping. Nielsen resigned as secretary on April 10, 2019, after President Trump became increasingly frustrated at the inability to curb immigration on the southern border of the country."
"Ellen DeGeneres is an American stand-up comedian, television host, and actress. She starred in the popular sitcom Ellen from 1994 to 1998 and has hosted the syndicated talk show The Ellen DeGeneres Show since 2003."
"Marissa Mayer is currently the cofounder of Lumi Labs, a technology studio focused on the intersection of consumer media and artificial intelligence.  Previously, Marissa served as CEO & President of Yahoo. At Yahoo, she led a full-scale transformation of the company -- rejuvenating its culture, hiring more than 5,000 people, growing users to more than 1 billion people worldwide with over 600 million users on mobile, and transforming Yahoo’s business by introducing new advertising offerings for mobile, video, native, and social that quickly grew into a multi-billion dollar business.  During her tenure, she also oversaw nearly 50 acquisitions, the creation of more than $40 billion of shareholder value, and the successful sale of Yahoo’s operating business to Verizon. Prior to Yahoo, Marissa spent 13 years at Google, where she joined as the twentieth employee and first woman engineer. For more than a decade, she played an instrumental role leading the product management effort for Google Search as well as Google Maps, Google News, and other consumer products. Previously, Marissa worked at the UBS research lab in Zurich, Switzerland and at SRI International in Menlo Park, California.  She graduated with honors from Stanford University with a BS in Symbolic Systems and a MS in Computer Science, with a specialization in artificial intelligence. Marissa is a member of board of directors of Walmart, Forward and Maisonette."
"James is our Co-founder and has served as our Chairman since May 2015, as a member of our board of directors since March 2007, and as our President and CEO since September 2007.  Previously, James served as a Director of Product Development at CNET Networks, as the President and a Co-founder of Wind-Up Labs, Inc. (an online photo-sharing company acquired by CNET Networks in April 2005). He was also CTO and Co-Founder of Epesi Technologies, Inc., a software company.  James attended Harvard College where he studied Computer Science. He was selected to serve as a member of our board of directors due to the perspective and experience he brings as our Co-Founder, President, and CEO."
"Scott Painter is the founder and former CEO of Fair and TrueCar.  He is a serial entrepreneur having incorporated 37 companies and having raised over $1.25 billion in debt and equity capital for those businesses over the last 20 years. His primary focus and passion is auto-retail and he was founder and CEO of CarsDirect.com and Build-To-Order as well as having been an early advisor to numerous automotive businesses including Tesla. He was an Army interrogator and then attended West Point where he studied political science and systems engineering. While at West Point he served as class president before transferring to UC Berkeley where he studied political economics.  Prior to graduation he dropped out to sell his first auto-related start-up, AUTOAccess, an electronic database of used cars for sale.  Mr. Painter was an IdeaLab CEO and an eCompanies CEO.His other ventures include Advertise.com, SharesPost, PriceLock, CarsDirect.com, US Digital Gaming, Zag.com and Brighthouse. Mr. Painter is married and lives in Los Angeles with his four children."
"Matthew Prince is co-founder and CEO of CloudFlare. CloudFlare’s mission is to build a better Internet. Matthew wrote his first computer program at age seven when his mom would sneak him into university computer science courses. He went on to study English Literature and Computer Science in college before, oddly, skipping out on the first Internet boom to instead attend law school. After finishing law school, Matthew worked as an attorney for one day before joining a Chicago-based tech startup. He went on to co-found Unspam Technologies, an anti-spam startup where he continues to serve as Chairman. Since then, Matthew has been an adjunct professor of law at the John Marshall Law School and co-creator of Project Honey Pot, the largest open source community tracking online fraud and abuse. He started CloudFlare with Michelle Zatlyn, and Lee Holloway in 2009. In 2013, Matthew made the San Francisco Business Times’s 40 under 40 list and CloudFlare was named the most innovative internet and network company by the Wall Street Journal. He is a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer, winner of the 2011 Tech Fellow Award, and serves on the Board of Advisors for the Center for Information Technology and Privacy Law. Along with being a regular contributor to TechCrunch and PandoDaily, Matthew has spoken at the RSA conference, Black Hat Summit, Web Summit, and is a frequent panelist for TechCrunch Disrupt. On the side, Matthew is a certified ski instructor, former mountain guide, and regular attendee of the Sundance Film Festival. Matthew holds an MBA from Harvard Business School where he was a George F. Baker Scholar and awarded the Dubliner Prize for Entrepreneurship. He is a member of the Illinois Bar, and earned his J.D. from the University of Chicago and B.A. from Trinity College."
"Chamath Palihapitiya is the Founder and Managing Partner of The Social+Capital Partnership – a venture capital fund based in Palo Alto, CA that incubates and invests in breakthrough companies in healthcare, education, financial services, mobile and enterprise software. Preceding his focus as an investor, Chamath was the longest tenured member of Facebook's senior executive team and helped drive its ascension to one of the most important companies in the world.  Prior to Facebook, Chamath had leading roles at The Mayfield Fund, and Winamp. In addition to his focus at the fund, Chamath is Owner and Director of the NBA's Golden State Warriors.  Chamath was born in Sri Lanka, grew up in Canada, and graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Waterloo."
"Mike Jones is an internet executive, investor, and strategic advisor. A long-time entrepreneur, Mike founded his first successful company in college and since then has founded, built, and sold numerous online and mobile businesses. As the co-founder and CEO of Los Angeles-based Science, Inc., Mike brings together the best talent, resources, and financing through a centralized platform to build and invest in technology businesses. In 2016 alone, three of Science’s portfolio companies saw big exits -- HelloSociety was acquired by The New York Times, Dollar Shave Club was acquired by Unilever, and FameBit was acquired by Google. His experience and expertise in both large and small companies focuses on strategy, growth, and operational efficiency, resulting in over $2.6B in successful investor outcomes. Prior to Science, Mike Jones served as the CEO of Myspace. In this role, Mike oversaw global business strategy and operations for Myspace, Myspace Music, and Myspace Mobile, which included board and strategic roles with joint venture partners in Myspace China and Myspace Japan / Softbank. During his tenure, he was responsible for the relaunch of Myspace, one of the most high-profile turn-around challenges in the industry"
"Howard Marks is the founder and co-chair of StartEngine, Los Angeles' largest startup accelerator, determined to make LA a top tech entrepreneurial city. Marks was the founder and CEO of Acclaim Games (now owned by Disney), and the co-Founder of Activision and Chairman of Activision Studios (1991-1997).  In 1991, Marks and a partner transformed ailing video game giant Activision into a $14B market cap video game industry leader. Marks has a Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering from the University of Michigan, is bilingual and is a triple national of the U.S., United Kingdom, and France, and has over 30 years of experience as a veteran of the technology industry."
"Steve Lesnard is the newly appointed Global VP of Marketing at The North Face. In his previous tenure with one of the largest athletic brands in the world, Lesnard launched industry changing innovations driving a $5.3 billion business while serving as the global vice president and general manager of the company’s running division.   Lesnard began a career spanning over two decades at another large atheltic brand in 1997 as their Global Sports Marketing and Footwear Project Manager, where he signed and serviced the American and Canadian snowboard teams for the 1998 Winter Olympics - including the first two men to ever win gold medals for snowboarding.   He then served as the brand’s European, Middle East, and Africa Brand Director for Women & Cross, where he redefined the retail sports experience for women. He created their first women’s only retail stores, partnering with influencers including Madonna choreographer, Jamie King, and global superstar Rihanna to inspire women to engage in sports.   In his final roles, Lesnard transformed the brand’s Running division into its fastest-growing category for three years in a row with $5.3 billion in global annual revenue. With an innovation-driven, mobile-first strategy, he launched products including Lunar, the Vaporfly4% shoe, and the Vapormax & React Innovations, built a strategic partnership with Apple, and grew the brand’s online running community from 500,000 to over 7 million members. Recently Steve Lesnard headed The North Face’s campaign for the launch of the innovative nanospinning technology, FUTURELIGHT. The North Face hired Steve Lesnard at a pivotal time for the brand to lead the launch of this game changing technology and accelerate its overall global brand presence.   Lesnard lives in Portland, Oregon, where he currently resides with his wife and three children."
"Vivekananda Hallekere is the CEO and co-founder of Bounce. Prior to that, he was a partner at Suchindra and Vivekananda and executive at B S R & Co ( Kpmg)."
"Since October 2010, Dick has been the Chief Executive Officer of Twitter, where he was responsible for the growth and management of the overall business. Previously, as Twitter’s Chief Operating Officer, he oversaw monetization and day to day operations. Before joining Twitter, Dick was co-founder and CEO of FeedBurner, a digital content syndication platform that was acquired by Google in 2007. While at Google, Dick was Group Product Manager on the Ads team responsible for social media ads. Previously, Dick lived and worked in Chicago, where he founded and ran two digital media companies: SpyOnIt, a web page monitoring service, and Burning Door Networked Media, a web design and development consulting company. Dick was also an improv performer with the acclaimed Annoyance Theater. He graduated from the University of Michigan with a B.S. in Computer Science."
"K. Rupert Murdoch is an Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors at News Corp, the largest news and information services provider in the English speaking world comprising leading newspapers in each of the US, Australia and the UK; integrated marketing services; digital real estate services; book publishing; digital education; as well as sports programming and pay-TV distribution in Australia.  Rupert was previously Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of News Corporation prior to the company’s separation into two distinct, publicly traded companies in 2013.  Rupert has been an Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors at 21st Century Fox, the media and entertainment company created by the separation, since July 2015, after serving as its Chief Executive Officer from 1979 to July 2015 and its Chairman of the Board of Directors since 1991.  In 1954, Rupert took control of News Limited, an Australian-based public corporation whose only key asset at the time was a majority interest in the number-two daily newspaper in Adelaide, South Australia. Since then Rupert oversaw the expansion and development of News Corporation into the most international of media businesses.  Rupert has been awarded the Companion of the Order of Australia (A.C.) for services to the media and to newspaper publishing in particular. Throughout News Corporation’s history, Rupert and his family have been closely involved with, and made generous contributions to various educational, cultural, and medical charitable organizations throughout the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, Asia and Israel. Rupert has six children."
"Tom Chapman is an investor in early-stage companies and co-founder of MATCHESFASHION.COM. Tom has an investment portfolio that spans multiple industries including technology, logistics, beauty, fashion, health, and medical cannabis. He invests in committed founders and experienced management teams to grow disruptive mission-driven businesses that leverage technology to deliver a better service to consumers and transform the way the world works. Tom's recent investments include disruptive beauty brand HEYDAY, a one-stop shop for personalised skincare treatments; size-inclusive womenswear brand Universal Standard; Caliva, California's largest fully licensed integrated cannabis dispensary, retailer and distributor; by Humankind, a personal care brand seeking to eliminate single-use plastic; Convoy, which connects truckers with shippers to fill unused trucking capacity, reducing the environmental impact of freight; feminine health brand, OHNE; baby food business, Cerebelly; medical cannabis startup, Plena; and the world’s first stock exchange dedicated to the IPO and trading of commercial real estate assets, IPSX.  Tom's work as an investor builds on his experience founding MATCHESFASHION.COM, operating at the forefront of the changing face of retail for more than 30 years. With his wife Ruth, they grew the company from a single bricks-and-mortar store to a global luxury fashion brand with a reputation for supporting and nurturing new and emerging talent, and are credited with introducing designers such as Versace, Prada and Bottega Veneta to the UK. Under Tom's leadership, MATCHESFASHION.COM invested heavily in technology across all areas of the business, enabling the company to better understand the lives of its customers and provide them with a fast, convenient and highly personalised service. MATCHESFASHION.COM was one of the first luxury brands to go online in 2005; one of the first businesses to launch 90-minute delivery in 2016; and one of the first retailers to build a platform to provide a single truly unified view of customer's shopping across both online and physical channels. It was, however, his understanding of how digital could radically transform how companies engaged with their customers and his appetite for challenging traditional practices that led to him being inducted into the Business of Fashion’s Hall of Fame in 2018 and being described as a “retail innovator”. Tom recognised that MATCHESFASHION.COM could use digital not only to reach a global audience quickly but to build highly personal, intimate customer relationships, engaging shoppers with rich, resonant content and storytelling.  Paired with his challenger mentality, this insight saw Tom transform the company from a 14-store physical retailer into a leading global luxury e-commerce giant. From the launch of their website in 2007, MATCHESFASHION.COM grew at a rate of up to 100 per cent per year, raising £20 million in 2012 for a minority stake in the business. In 2013, Tom's commitment to digital saw him rebrand all Matches' physical stores as MATCHESFASHION.COM. These decisions collectively enabled the business to accelerate from a valuation of £76m in 2012 to an acquisition price in excess of $1 billion just five years later. In 2017-18, the business had 95 per cent of sales online and 85 per cent internationally. MATCHESFASHION.COM is also credited with pioneering blended retail, seamlessly bringing together physical and digital commerce to connect with customers over multiple touchpoints – whether that be through the company's events, magazine or private shopping experiences. Before the sale of the business, Tom conceived of 5 Carlos Place, a five-storey townhouse combining luxury private shopping in a home environment with a purpose-built broadcasting hub and events space focused on creating engaging content for MATCHESFASHION.COM's 100 million annual online visitors. Carlos Place was an extension of the private-shopping concept behind No.23, which reinvented retail service along the lines of private-client banking, delivering a highly personalised, intimate, bespoke shopping experience.  Throughout the growth of MATCHESFASHION.COM, Tom has focused on keeping customers and their lifestyles at the centre of all company decisions, recognising that top-class service is the foundation of all consumer-facing businesses and that technology investment should always enable a business to connect better with the consumer and support them.  Like MATCHESFASHION.COM, many of Tom's investments both challenge the status quo and have strong brands that build deep, personal relationships with customers by connecting with them across both physical and digital touchpoints, and place special importance on social responsibility, inclusiveness and environmental impact. Having been described as ""trailblazers"" by The New York Times and ""pioneers"" by VOGUE, Tom and Ruth Chapman were awarded Draper's Lifetime Achievement Award for their contributions to fashion retail in 2017. In the same year MATCHESFASHION.COM won British Luxury Brand of the Year at the prestigious Walpole British Luxury Awards. An advocate of arts, sustainability and cultural causes, Tom is a member of the Innovation Circle at the Serpentine Gallery."
"Selena Gomez is an American actress and singer. Gomez is best-known for playing Alex Russo in the popular Disney Channel show _Wizards of Waverly Place_. She has also been the lead in movies like _Ramona and Beezus_ and _Monte Carlo_, and also starred in _Spring Breakers_. Gomez is also known for fronting the popular band Selena Gomez & The Scene. Two of the band’s albums – _Kiss & Tell_ and _A Year Without Rain_ – have been RIAA gold certified. Selena broke out on her own in 2013 with _Stars Dance_. Behind singles “Come & Get It” and “Slow Down,” the album was also RIAA gold certified. Source: [Hollywood Life](http://hollywoodlife.com/celeb/selena-gomez/)"
Darian Shirazi has been serving as General Partner at Gradient Ventures since June 2019.
"Seasoned tech executive and investor. Broad expertise in M&A, investments, business development and international operations. Extensive board experience including public & private companies and foundations. Specialties: Strategic analysis and business development in the telecom, financial services and transaction processing industries in both US and international markets. Current role: CEO at Bitnet Technologies   Former companies: Visa, CyberSource, Transaction Network Services, PaylinX"
"Mark Robert Michael Wahlberg is an American actor, producer, businessman and former model and rapper."
"After graduating from Princeton University in 1972 with a B.A. in history, Greg Abbott joined the family business, Ithaca Industries, Inc., a private label manufacturer of pantyhose, men's and women's underwear and T-shirts. In 1979, at age 29, Greg Abbott was named chairman and CEO and over the next seven years the company's customer base grew to over 400 (including Wal-Mart, Sears, Nike, Target, Mervyns, Evan Picone) and Ithaca Industries became the nation's largest private label manufacturer. After negotiating a leveraged buyout of the company with Merrill Lynch Greg Abbott departed to become a private investor and writer."
"Career Entrepreneur, Helicopter Pilot, Airplane Pilot, Search and Rescue Pilot, Scuba Diver, Husband, Father"
"Kevin Plank is a successful entrepreneur, a philanthropist, and a self-made billionaire. Most notably, he founded Under Armour, and he continues to serve as the company’s Chairman and CEO.  The concept for Under Armour was based on Plank’s personal experience playing college football. Tired of changing his perspiration-soaked cotton t-shirts over and over again during grueling twice-daily college football workouts, Kevin Plank was inspired to create a better kind of t-shirt—one that could wick sweat and keep athletes cool, dry and light. Initially, he sold Under Armour shirts from his car and to his former college teammates. The company’s first major jump in revenue occurred after it ran an ad in ESPN’s magazine. This resulted in revenue of more than $1 million. Today, Under Armour employs more than 15,000 staff members and generates annual revenue greater than $5 billion.  Kevin Plank has been professionally involved in other endeavors while running Under Armour. He purchased Sagamore Farm in 2007. This 530-acre horse farm produced a Breeder’s Cup winner in 2010, and it continues to own, stable and train more than 100 horses.  Plank also started a real estate development firm, known as Plank Industries, in 2013. Under this company, he launched a whiskey distillery called Sagamore Spirit. Plank Industries also has developed a $5.5 billion mixed use project in Port Covington, renovated Recreation Pier in Fells Point, reinvigorated the Sagamore Pendry Hotel and worked on other projects.  Kevin Plank attended Fork Union Military Academy for a year after graduating from high school, where he played college football for this school. The following year, he transferred to the University of Maryland in College Park. Plank walked onto the school’s football and played throughout the rest of his college career. In 1996, he graduated with a degree in business administration. His football experiences, as well as his entrepreneurial effort with Cupid’s Valentine at the University of Maryland, developed a solid foundation that supported Plank’s Under Armour endeavor.  Kevin Plank also has a lengthy philanthropic history. This began in 1999 while he was still trying to gain traction for Under Armour. His former college roommate was involved in a serious sports accident that resulted in quadriplegia. Plank funded a customized wheelchair for him. He has also donated tens of millions of dollars and countless hours to CollegeBound, the UA House, the Dingman Center’s endowment fund, St. John’s High School, the Cold Field House project, the Archdiocese of Baltimore and others.  Today, Plank oversees a global company of 9,000-plus employees, with total revenue of more than $3 billion. Under Armour athletic performance products are sold globally and are worn by athletes at all levels on playing fields all over the world. The Under Armour Connected Fitness platform powers the world's largest digital health-and-fitness community."
"Kabeer Biswas, 33, makes a living by saving people’s time. Dunzo, a hyperlocal delivery startup he founded in January 2015, lets users outsource the most mundane of chores—ordering a pack of chips, getting a clock repaired or laundry done—to its army of 1,500-odd bikers at a cost."
"Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma is the Founder of Paytm Mobile Solutions Private Limited and serves as its Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sharma Founded One97 Communications Ltd in 2000 and serves as its Chairman, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. He is a Partner of One97 Mobility Fund. Mr. Sharma is responsible for the strategy and direction for One97 Communications and leads it in all areas relating to business expansion as well as product road map. He serves as an Advisor of Socialblood.org. He serves as an Investment Advisor of One97 Communications Limited, Investment Arm. Mr. Sharma has more than 10 years of experience in the telecom and new media industries, having founded his first venture XS Corps while he was at college, which he sold to Lotus Interworks LLC, New Jersey in 1999. Prior to founding One97 Communications, Mr. Sharma played key roles in a number of organizations such as Riverrun Software Services Group Limited, Inter Solutions Software Private Limited, Startec Global Communications Limited, focusing on the design and development of various products and applications for the technology, media and telecom industries. Mr. Sharma serves as the Chairman of MobiSwipe Technologies Pvt Ltd. He serves as the Chairman of Paytm Payments Bank Limited. He has been a Director of One97 Communications Limited since December 22, 2000. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board of Milaap Social Ventures India Pvt. Ltd. He holds a Bachelors degree in Engineering from Delhi College of Engineering."
"Kevin O'Leary is an entrepreneur, venture capitalist, and television host. O'Leary started his own software company in his basement along with his 5 year partner Gary Babcock. His mother provided the seed investment of $10,000 which he used to start software publisher SoftKey. His partner Gary left just as numerous mergers and acquisitions allowed the company to become The Learning Company and Oâ€™Leary took control as president of the Boston based company. In 1999, the Learning Company was sold to Mattel for $3.7 billion USD. In 2003 he became co-investor and a director in Storage Now, a developer of climate controlled storage facilities. Through a series of development projects and acquisitions, Storage Now became Canadaâ€™s third largest owner/operator of storage services with facilities located in eleven cities serving such companies as Merck and Pfizer when it was acquired by the In Storage REIT in March 2007 for $110 million. In March 2007 O'Leary joined the advisory board of Genstar Capital, a private equity firm that focuses on investments in selected segments of life science and healthcare services, industrial technology, business services and software. Genstar Capital appointed O'Leary to its Strategic Advisory Board to seek new investment opportunities for its $1.2 billion fund. Kevin now has an office in West Palm Beach Florida."
"Larry Cohen serves as Managing Partner at bgC3, which is a private office established by Bill Gates in September 2008. bgC3 is Bill Gates private office.  The group’s mission is to improves the lives of the world’s least fortunate through investments in innovations and interventions.  bgC3 performs many roles including product/technology incubator, think tank and venture investment. Currently, bgC3 is actively exploring education technology breakthroughs including the Big History Project, a new hybrid course for ninth graders which entered into an expanded pilot of 50 U.S. classrooms this past Fall. The office also produces Bill’s personal journal, The Gates Notes. Cohen has spent most of his career in computer software.  He joined Microsoft in 1995 to manage the marketing and business development efforts for MSN, leading the development and marketing for the introduction of MSN; first in the United States and then into Japan.  Larry also served as Microsoft’s Corporate Vice President of Marketing where he was responsible for Microsoft’s global communications planning and execution, executive communications and employee communications.  Prior to Microsoft, Larry was a product unit manager in Apple’s software division focused on productivity applications.  Larry also worked as a product manager at Collabra Software which was acquired by Netscape.   Cohen serves on the board of Khan Academy, a not-for-profit organization with a mission to provide free world-class education to anyone, anywhere."
"Kevin Weil is the Head of Product at Instagram, overseeing consumer and monetization products. Prior to Instagram, Kevin was the SVP of Product at Twitter, overseeing product development and design across Twitter's consumer and ad products, as well as Vine and Periscope. Between 2010 and 2014, he led product development for Twitter's advertising platform, as well as the development of Fabric. Before joining Twitter in 2009, he was the first employee at web media startup Cooliris, working in user growth and analytics. He also worked worked at municipal wireless network provider Tropos Networks, Microsoft Research, and in a past life as a Physics Ph.D. Student, at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center.  Kevin graduated summa cum laude from Harvard University with a B.A. In Mathematics and Physics, and holds an M.S. in physics from Stanford"
"Mike Lee is Co-Founder of MyFitnessPal, the leading free resource helping people improve their health.  Prior to founding MyFitnessPal, Mike co-founded NextC, a venture-funded startup focused on building online communities.  During his 20 year tenure in the technology industry, Mike has held leadership positions at several other top start-ups in Silicon Valley, including Palm, Handspring, Beyond.com and Regis McKenna.  Mike graduated summa cum laude from Princeton with a B.A. in Economics."
"Anand brings a passion for product, deep mobile ecosystem expertise, and entrepreneurial success to Storm. He currently drives mobile product management within the search product group at Yahoo! Prior to Yahoo!, Anand was Director of PM at Openwave (Nasdaq: OPWV) driving new product incubation and day to day product management of the mobile mediation product line which touched 200+M subscribers daily through 70+ mobile operators. Before Openwave, he was CTO and head of product at MorfMobile, a platform that specialized in mobilizing premium content and services. Earlier, Anand was with MyToday SMS (India), a mobile content publisher with over 17M monthly mobile users and 12 billion+ SMS messages sent annually. Previously, Anand co-founded and helped build Aeroprise, and under his leadership, Aeroprise’s mobile personalization solutions became the most-deployed mobility tool worldwide for service management and was acquired by BMC Software (NYSE: BMC). He holds a M.S. in Electrical Engg. from Stanford University, a Bachelors in Engg. from PSG College of Technology (India) and has completed the Global Leadership and Policy Program at Harvard University. In 2010, Anand was selected by World Economic Forum as a Young Global Leader, and in 2011 he was named one of Silicon Valley's 40 rising stars."
"Tim Cook is Apple's CEO. He took over from Steve Jobs on 25 August 2011. In his previous position as COO, Cook was responsible for all of the company's worldwide sales and operations, including end-to-end management of Apple's supply chain, sales activities, and service and support in all markets and countries. He also headed Apple's Macintosh division and played a key role in the continued development of strategic reseller and supplier relationships, ensuring flexibility in response to an increasingly demanding marketplace. Before joining Apple, Cook was Vice President of Corporate Materials for Compaq and was responsible for procuring and managing all of Compaq's product inventory.  Previous to his work at Compaq, Cook was the Chief Operating Officer of the Reseller Division at Intelligent Electronics. Cook also spent 12 years with IBM, most recently as Director of North American Fulfillment where he led manufacturing and distribution functions for IBM's Personal Computer Company in North and Latin America. Cook earned an M.B.A. from Duke University, where he was a Fuqua Scholar, and a Bachelor of Science Degree in Industrial Engineering from Auburn University."
"Stephen has more than 30 years of senior industry experience in the artist management field. Stephen founded Ricochet management in 1980, where he represented artists such as The Lighthouse Family, Dina Carroll, Urban Species, Incognito, and many more. In 2002, Stephen formed Creation Management with Alan McGee. A music management group widely acknowledged to be one of the most innovative amongst its competitors. Creations impressive roster included Mogwai, The Charlatans, The Libertines, Kathryn Williams, Dirty Pretty Things, The Beta Band, The Kills and Mew. Whilst at Creation Stephen also ran Poptones records and consulted to The Hives. Stephen joined the Believe team in 2010 as Managing Director for the UK."
"Bernard Looney is BP’s chief operating officer, production. He is responsible for production operations, well operations, supply-chain management and engineering in the upstream. Bernard Looney joined BP in 1991 as a drilling engineer, working in the North Sea, Vietnam and the Gulf of Mexico. In 2001 Bernard took on responsibility for drilling operations on Thunder Horse in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico. In 2005 Bernard became senior vice president within BP Alaska, before moving in 2007 to be head of the group chief executive’s office. In 2009 he became the managing director of BP’s North Sea business in the UK and Norway. Bernard became executive vice president, developments, in October 2010. He took up his current role in February 2013. Bernard is a member of the Stanford University Graduate School of Business Advisory Council and a Fellow of the Energy Institute. He holds a degree in Electrical Engineering from University College Dublin, and an MS in Management from the Graduate School of Business at Stanford University."
"Prior to joining SpinMedia in 2012, Hansen helped revolutionize the retail automotive industry as President and Chief Operating Officer of TrueCar, Inc., where he led technology, product development, business intelligence, strategy and administration at the groundbreaking company. Before TrueCar, Steve held titles of COO, CFO and CAO at then-industry-leading online community GeoCities and oversaw the online community through its IPO and landmark $5 billion sale to Yahoo! As CEO and Chairman of sports-based online community Weplay, Steve built important relationships within the entertainment industry including partnerships with CAA, MLB Advanced Media, Derek Jeter, LeBron James and Peyton Manning. Steve has also served as Senior Vice President of Universal Studios and was with KPMG as a partner in the Entertainment, Media and Technology Group. Just as he pushes SpinMedia towards industry leadership, Steve, an avid outdoor athlete and competitive-minded individual, spends his free time pushing himself to the limit running in Ironman triathlons and sailing competitively. As a proven entrepreneur, financial strategist and business leader, Steve is among the best in the business at taking a company to the next level – organizationally and financially."
"Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, known professionally as Lady Gaga, is an American singer, songwriter, and actress"
"Logan Green, co-founder and CEO of Lyft, has long been fascinated by innovation in transportation, having grown up in Southern California with much of his childhood spent stuck in traffic. Lyft, the on-demand ridesharing platform, was founded in 2007 with Zimride as the first of two products built to create a more social, sustainable and affordable transportation system. The idea for Zimride (and ultimately Lyft) struck while Logan was studying in Zimbabwe during college, where carpooling is a common form of transportation among neighbors and communities. Logan also created the first car-share program at UC Santa Barbara and served on the board of the Santa Barbara Metropolitan Transit District prior to starting Zimride. As a Lyft driver himself, Logan has a vision to fill the 80 percent of empty seats on the road and ultimately transform the face of transportation around the world. Since unveiling the product in June 2012, Lyft has quickly become one of the fastest-growing tech companies with more than $860 million raised from leading investors Rakuten, Andreessen Horowitz, Coatue and Founders Fund and has been featured in The Economist, the New York Times and on NBC’s TODAY Show. Lyft is currently in 65 cities across the country with more than 10 million rides shared to date."
"Peyton Williams Manning is an American football quarterback for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League. A five-time league MVP, he played for the Indianapolis Colts for 14 seasons from 1998 to 2011."
"Ray Dalio is the Founder, Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer of Bridgewater Associates. He started Bridgewater out of his two-bedroom apartment in New York in 1975 and under his leadership, the firm has grown it into the fifth most important private company in the U.S. according to Fortune Magazine. For his and Bridgewater's industry-changing innovations as well as his work advising policymakers around the world, Ray has been called the “Steve Jobs of Investing” by aiCIO Magazine and Wired Magazine, and named one of the 100 Most Influential People by TIME Magazine He is also the author of The New York Times #1 Bestseller Principles, which outlines his work and life principles, the foundation of Bridgewater’s distinctive culture and the cornerstone of his and Bridgewater’s success. Ray and Bridgewater also recently published Principles for Navigating Big Debt Crises, the first public dissemination of their research on these economic events, which enabled them to anticipate the 2008 Financial Crisis. Ray is currently working on his third book, which will outline his investment principles."
"Jawed Karim is a Co - Founder of the popular video sharing website YouTube. He founded the concept and website with Chad Hurley and Steve Chen, whom he had met while working at PayPal.  Karim had been attending the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, but left campus after Co- Founder of PayPal and Illinois alum Max Levchin approached him to become one of PayPal's early employees. While at PayPal, he implemented the company's first real-time anti-fraud system.  Karim returned to school and earned his Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science in 2004, and subsequently co-founded YouTube in 2005. Karim then enrolled as a graduate student in computer science at Stanford University , but remained an advisor to YouTube. When YouTube was acquired by Google in October 2006 for $1.6 billion, Karim's stock was valued at $64.6 million, whereas the other two Co - Founders earned around $326 million. Karim has also launched a venture fund called Youniversity Ventures with early PayPal investors Kevin Hartz and Keith Rabols. The firm's focus is on former and current students at Stanford University and at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.  Karim is currently pursuing a Graduate Degree at Stanford, where the firm holds regular office hours."
"Ariana Grande is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. She began her career in the Broadway musical 13, before landing the role of Cat Valentine on the Nickelodeon television series Victorious in 2009. After three seasons Grande starred on the spinoff, Sam & Cat. Grande’s music career began with the soundtrack Music from Victorious (2011). She signed a recording contract with Republic Records and released her debut studio album, Yours Truly (2013), which debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200. The album’s lead single, ""The Way"", became a top ten hit on the Billboard Hot 100, with critics comparing her wide vocal range to Mariah Carey. Her second studio album, My Everything (2014), also reached number one in the United States.  Ariana was born on June 26, 1993, and currently resides in Los Angeles, California, United States."
"Sean Parker is a serial entrepreneur and a managing partner at the Founders Fund. As one of the three founders of Napster in 1999, Sean helped architect and manage the peer-to-peer file sharing application to become one of the largest on the net. Parker subsequently helped found and manage Plaxo, a VC-backed contact management application company. More recently, Parker worked as the Founding President of Facebook before moving on to join up with Peter Thiel at The Founders Fund, a seed-stage venture capital firm. Parker also recently led the move to launch Causes, a new developer application that organizes individuals' charitable giving on Facebook as well as contributing as an investor at Spotify. He is also a co-founder of Airtime, reuniting with Napster co-founder Shawn Fanning at this social video company backed by Founders Fund."
"Born Joseph C. Montana on June 11, 1956, in Monongahela, Pennsylvania. A former Notre Dame quarterback, he led the San Francisco 49ers to victories in four Super Bowls during the 1980s and was selected Most Valuable Player (MVP) in three (XVI, XIX, XXIV). During his illustrious career with both the 49ers and Kansas City Chiefs, Montana led his teams to 31 fourth quarter come-from-behind wins, including a 92-yard drive in the closing seconds of Super Bowl XXIII. He won the NFL's passing title in 1987 and 1989, and topped the NFC in passing five times (1981, 1984, 1985, 1987, and 1989). He also owns the career playoff record for attempts, completions, touchdowns, and yards gained passing. An inspirational leader and talented passer, he was named All-NFL three times and All-NFC on five occasions."
"Ryan Petersen is the CEO and Founder of Flexport. Prior to starting Flexport to fix the user experience in global trade, Ryan was co-founder and CEO of ImportGenius.com, a data-as-a-service business for global shipping. He holds a degree in economics from the University of California, Berkeley and an MBA from Columbia University."
Paul McCartney is Singer.
"Chad Hurley is the Co-Founder & Former CEO of YouTube. In October 2006 he, along with the other founders, sold the company for $1.65 billion to Google. Prior to YouTube he worked in eBay's PayPal division, where he helped design the original PayPal logo."
"Jagmeet Singh is a tech journalist in India, and he presently works at NDTV."
"Priyanka Chopra Jonas is an Indian actress, singer, film producer, and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant. She is one of India's highest-paid and most popular celebrities. She has been a recipient of numerous awards, including one National Film Awards and five Filmfare Awards. She is the wife of the Hollywood singer Nick Jonas."
Reese Witherspoon is an American actress and producer who is also the founder of Draper James.
"Nandan Nilekani was the chairman of Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), author of _Imagining India_, philanthropist, and former entrepreneur and co-founder of Infosys."
"Jim has been Chairman of INEOS since 1998. He has 38 years experience in the chemicals industry. In 1992 he led the successful buyout of Inspec Group plc, which he left in 1998 to lead the acquisition of INEOS plc (currently INEOS Oxide) from Inspec. Jim began his career with Exxon Chemicals where he completed his MBA at London Business School before moving to Courtaulds. From Courtaulds he joined Advent International and then Inspec."
"Bill Gurley has spent over 10 years as a general partner at Benchmark, a Silicon Valley venture capital firm in Menlo Park, California. His current investments and board seats include Brighter, DogVacay, GrubHub, Linden Lab / secondlife, Nextdoor, OpenTable, Sailthru, Scale Computing, Stitch Fix, Uber, and Zillow. Before entering the venture capital business, Bill spent four years on Wall Street as a top-ranked research analyst, including three years at CS First Boston focusing on personal computer hardware and software. His research coverage included companies such as Dell, Compaq, and Microsoft. In both 1995 and 1996, Bill was a member of the Institutional Investor All-American Research Team. Prior to his investment career, Bill was a design engineer at Compaq Computer, where he worked on products such as the 486/50 and Compaq's first multi-processor server. Before Compaq, he served in the technical marketing group of Advanced Micro Devices' embedded processor division. Bill also maintains a blog on the evolution and economics of high technology businesses called Above the Crowd."
"Daniel Dines is Co-founder and CEO of UiPath, the fastest growing and leading provider of Robotic Process Automation (RPA) and AI software worldwide. Dines started UiPath in 2005 with the goal of building a solution that could help humans reduce the time and stress that come from menial, administrative business tasks. Today, Dines’ vision is to make software robots, powered by computer vision and AI, as common as PCs in the workplace -- a vision dubbed One Robot for Every Person. Dines is committed to ushering in the “automation first” era, helping businesses of all sizes digitize everyday business operations and apply AI to drive true digital transformation. This era brings tremendous value to businesses and new career opportunities for people – which is why Dines aims to democratize RPA via free training and software, as well through UiPath’s Academic Alliance program, which trains and certifies university students, youth, and traditionally underrepresented groups – with an eye toward preparing people for the jobs of the future. Since incorporating UiPath in 2015, and moving its headquarters to New York in 2017, Dines has led the company through substantial growth – delivering intelligent automation solutions to thousands of companies around the world, including government agencies and many of the Fortune 500. He has raised more than $1B from top-tier venture capital firms, with a post-money valuation of $7B. Dines began his engineering career at Microsoft where he designed and developed the SQL Server Agent. Still a hacker at heart, he is active in driving the company’s RPA platform and supporting the 250,000 developers who are building automations on UiPath’s RPA platform."
"Garrett Camp is the founder and CEO of Expa, a startup studio designed for entrepreneurs to create and launch new companies. Since its creation, Expa has raised $150M to build new startups and has created more than a dozen new companies. Garrett is also the co-founder of Uber, originally conceiving and designing the first version, and the founding CEO of StumbleUpon."
"Kevin Ryan is the chairman and founder of MongoDB, Zola, Workframe, Nomad Health, CoEdition, and Truebird. He is one of the leading Internet entrepreneurs in New York, having founded and is Chairman of several businesses, including MongoDB, Zola, Workframe and Nomad Health. Previously he founded and was Chairman of Business Insider and GILT.  Combined, these companies have raised more than $700 million in venture capital funding and currently employ almost 2,000 people.  Previously, Kevin helped build DoubleClick from 1996 to 2005, first as President and later as CEO.  He led DoubleClick's growth from a 20-person startup to a publicly-traded global leader with over 1,500 employees.  In 2013, Kevin was named one of “The 100 Most Influential New Yorkers of the Past 25 Years” by the Observer.  Kevin is currently founder and Chairman of AlleyCorp, a venture studio and fund based in New York City.  Aside from his professional responsibilities, Kevin serves on the board of Mercy Corps, is Vice Chairman of The Partnership for New York City, Chairman of the Partnership for New York City’s Innovation Council, is a member of the CFR Committee on Foreign Affairs, is on the Board of TECH:NYC and in Director Emeritus for Human Right Watch.  He previously served on the boards of Yale Corporation, INSEAD, The Trust for Governors Island, the Direct Marketing Association, The Ad Council, HotJobs and the advisory board of Doctors Without Borders.  He holds a B.A. from Yale University and an M.B.A. from INSEAD."
"Mike Krieger is the CTO and co-founder of Instagram, a global community that shares more than 70 million photos every day. As the head of engineering, Mike focuses on building products that bring out the creativity in all of us. A native of São Paulo, Brazil,  Mike holds an MS in Symbolic Systems from Stanford University.  Prior to founding Instagram, he worked at Meebo as a user experience designer and front-end engineer."
"Ned Segal is the new Chief Financial Officer at Twitter. Before this Ned was Senior Vice President of Finance at Intuit, where he most recently led finance for the Small Business Group. Ned was responsible for the division's financial and strategic planning. During his tenure, the business accelerated total revenue growth and QuickBooks Online subscriber growth while expanding operating margins from 34% to over 40%.  Before joining Intuit, Ned served as Chief Financial Officer of RPX Corporation for almost 2 years. He joined Goldman Sachs as head of global software banking, COO tech banking, and other roles. He finished bachelor of science at Georgetown University."
"Bruce Dunlevie is a seasoned veteran of venture capital with more than 20 years experience in high-tech investing. Since May 1995, Bruce has been a General Partner of Benchmark, a venture capital firm. Bruce has served as a member of the board of directors of ServiceSource International, Inc., a service support provider, since December 2004. Bruce previously served as a member of the board of directors of Rambus Inc., a technology licensing company, from March 1990 to June 2011, and as a member of the board of directors of Palm, Inc., a provider of mobile products, from October 2003 to October 2007. Bruce holds a B.A. in History and English from Rice University and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business."
"John Thompson joined the Microsoft Board in February 2012 and became independent chairman of Microsoft Corporation on Feb. 4, 2014.Thompson is the chief executive officer of privately held Virtual Instruments, whose products are designed to ensure the performance and availability of applications deployed in virtualized and private cloud computing environments. Thompson is also the former chairman and CEO of Symantec Corp. Since 2009, Thompson has been an active investor in early-stage technology companies in Silicon Valley.During his 10-year tenure as CEO of Symantec, he helped transform the company into a leader in security, storage and systems management solutions. Thompson stepped down as CEO in 2009, and stepped down from Symantec’s board of directors in 2011. Previously, Thompson held a number of leadership positions at IBM, including sales, marketing, software development and general manager of IBM Americas, and was also a member of IBM’s Worldwide Management Council. He has served on a number of government boards and commissions, including the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, the National Infrastructure Advisory Committee, and the Silicon Valley Blue Ribbon Task Force on Aviation Security and Technology. He formerly served on the national board of Teach for America, an organization dedicated to eliminating educational inequities for all children. He has also served on the boards of NIPSCO (Northern Indiana Public Service Company), Fortune Brands, Seagate Technologies, and United Parcel Service. Thompson received a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Florida A&M, and a master’s degree in Management from the Sloan Fellows program of the MIT Sloan School of Management."
"Maisie Williams is best known for her portrayal of Arya, one of the few Starks left standing in HBO’s Game of Thrones. Off-screen, Maisie is the co-founder of Daisie, a social networking site making it easier for creatives to network, share ideas, and collaborate on projects. She is also a powerful advocate for women’s rights, and hopes Daisie will open doors for women in all sectors of the creative industry."
"Scott Morrison was a Partner with Ernst & Young LLP from 1996 to December 2015, serving as its U.S. Life Sciences Leader from 2002 to December 2015. Mr. Morrison retired in December 2015. He serves on the boards and chairs the audit committees of Global Blood Therapeutics and Corvus Pharmaceuticals.  Mr. Morrison previously served on the boards of directors of the Life Sciences Foundation, the Bay Area Biosciences Association, the Biotechnology Institute and the Emerging Companies Section of the Biotechnology Innovation Organization. Mr. Morrison received a B.S. in business administration from the University of California, Berkeley."
"Werner Herzog has produced, written, and directed more than fifty films, published more than a dozen books of prose, and directed as many operas. Werner Herzog was born in Munich on September 5, 1942. He grew up in a remote mountain village in Bavaria and studied History and German Literature in Munich and Pittsburgh. He made his first film in 1961 at the age of 19. Since then he has produced, written, and directed more than sixty feature- and documentary films, such as Aguirre der Zorn Gottes (AGUIRRE, THE WRATH OF GOD, 1972), Nosferatu Phantom der Nacht (NOSFERATU, 1978), FITZCARRALDO (1982), Lektionen in Finsternis (LESSONS OF DARKNESS, 1992), LITTLE DIETER NEEDS TO FLY (1997), Mein liebster Feind (MY BEST FIEND, 1999), INVINCIBLE (2000), GRIZZLY MAN (2005), ENCOUNTERS AT THE END OF THE WORLD (2007), Die Höhle der vergessenen Träume (CAVE OF FORGOTTEN DREAMS, 2010). Werner Herzog has published more than a dozen books of prose, and directed as many operas. Werner Herzog lives in Munich and Los Angeles."
"Craig Federighi is Apple's senior vice president of Software Engineering, reporting to CEO Tim Cook. Craig oversees the development of iOS, OS X and Apple's common operating system engineering teams. His teams are responsible for delivering the software at the heart of Apple's innovative products, including the user interface, applications and frameworks. Craig returned to Apple in 2009 to lead OS X engineering, working on a number of major software releases including OS X Mavericks, the 10th major release of the world’s most advanced desktop operating system. Prior to his return, Craig worked at NeXT, followed by Apple, and then spent a decade at Ariba where he held several roles including chief technology officer. Craig holds a Master of Science degree in Computer Science and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley."
"Founding ShoeDazzle in 2008, Brian’s innovations in technology and eCommerce have led to a business model that communicates inspiration, delight, and entertainment to a loyal and growing subscriber base. Brian also co-founded LegalZoom, an online consumer legal services company that has grown into a $150 mm+/year business. Brian was formerly an attorney with Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLp and a former manager at Deloitte & Touche, LLp. Brian graduated Magna Cum Laude with a B.A. in Economics/Business from UCLA and received his J.D. from UCLA School of Law."
"Brad Garlinghouse is the CEO of Ripple and a member of the Board of Directors. Prior to Ripple, Brad served as the CEO of file collaboration service Hightail. From 2009 to 2012 he was President of Consumer Applications at AOL and prior to that he held various executive positions at Yahoo! from 2003 to 2009, including Senior Vice President. Earlier in his career, Brad helped to pioneer the VoIP industry as CEO of Dialpad Communications. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of OutMatch and has held board positions at Ancestry.com and Tonic Health."
"John Stankey is the Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Entertainment Group at AT&T. John is responsible for the company’s position facing the consumer market segment. John leads strategy, marketing and operations around the development and distribution of a premier entertainment experience. John oversees AT&T’s entertainment offerings including TV, video and content development, its consumer mobility and wireless products and its high speed Internet services as well as its advertising business.  John previously served as Chief Strategy Officer, where he led the company’s corporate strategy, M&A, and business development initiatives.  Before that, John served as President and Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Business Solutions, where he was responsible for serving AT&T's business customers worldwide and all of AT&T’s shared services including capital planning, engineering, network operations, information technology, supply chain and corporate real estate.  In his three-decade career, John also has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Operations, Inc. and as Group President-Telecom Operations, where he was responsible for the company's former five regional telecom units. John's responsibilities also have included Chief Technology Officer, Chief Information Officer, President and Chief Executive Officer of AT&T's Southwest Region, and President of Industry Markets.  John is on the Board of Visitors at the Anderson Graduate School of Management at UCLA.  John also serves as a Member of the Board of Directors at UPS and the Cotton Bowl Athletic Association.  A native of California, John earned a Bachelor's degree in Finance from Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles in 1985 and a Master's degree in Business Administration from UCLA in 1991."
"David Cancel is a serial entrepreneur, podcast host (Seeking Wisdom) and angel investor/advisor. He is best known for creating hypergrowth products and product teams at companies such as Drift, HubSpot, Performable, Ghostery and Compete.    David was named the top-ranked CEO by of USA Today and has been featured by media outlets such as The New York Times, Forbes, Fortune, Wired, and Fast Company, and has guest lectured on entrepreneurship at Harvard, Harvard Business School, MIT, MIT’s Sloan School of Management, Bentley, and other universities. His popular blog has been read by 1M+ entrepreneurs and his Twitter account is considered a “must-follow"" account for entrepreneurs, executives and product people. David is also the author of the best-selling book, Conversational Marketing."
"McKelvey is the Co-founder and Chief Culture Officer of WeWork, where he directs all architecture, design, and construction activities. McKelvey is a multi-disciplinary designer and entrepreneur with diverse experience in architectural design, construction management, and web development. Prior to WeWork, McKelvey created the design framework and led the national retail roll-out for American Apparel (170 stores), and was involved in the early-stage development of several companies, including Green Desk, Barre3, Versation, and English, Baby!"
"Yuri founded Mail.ru Group in 1999 and under his leadership it became one of Europe’s leading internet companies. He took that business public in 2010 and founded DST Global to focus on global internet investments. DST Global became one of the world’s leading technology investors and its portfolio has included some of the world's most prominent internet companies, such as Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, Snapchat, Airbnb, Spotify,  Alibaba, and others. Yuri lives in Silicon Valley with his family. Yuri graduated in 1985 with an advanced degree in theoretical physics and subsequently conducted research in quantum field theory. Yuri and his wife Julia, together with Sergey Brin and Anne Wojcicki, Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan, launched the Breakthrough Prizes - the world’s largest scientific awards, honoring important, primarily recent, achievements in Fundamental Physics, Life Sciences and Mathematics. In July 2015, together with Stephen Hawking, Yuri launched the $100 million Breakthrough Listen initiative to reinvigorate the search for extraterrestrial intelligence in the Universe, and in April 2016 they launched Breakthrough Starshot - a $100 million research and engineering program seeking to develop a technology for interstellar travel."
"Steven T. Mnuchin has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of One West Bank Group LLC, the holding company of OneWest Bank, since January 2009. Mr. Mnuchin is also Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Dune Capital Management LP, a private investment firm, and he has served in that or a similar capacity since September 2004. Mr. Mnuchin is a trustee of The Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, LAPD Foundation and New York Presbyterian Hospital"
"Anne co-founded 23andMe in 2006 after a decade spent in healthcare investing, focused primarily on biotechnology companies. Her hope was to empower consumers with access to their own genetic information and to create a way to generate more personalized information so that commercial and academic researchers could better understand and develop new drugs and diagnostics. Presently, 23andMe has built one of the world’s largest databases of individual genetic information. Its novel, web-based research approach allows for the rapid recruitment of participants to many genome-wide association studies at once, reducing the time and money needed to make new discoveries, and the company has created a proven and standardized resource for finding new genetic association and confirming genetic loci discovered by others. Under Anne’s leadership 23andMe has made significant advances in bringing personalized medicine directly to the public. Anne graduated from Yale University with a BS in Biology. Getting access to and understanding her own genetic information had always been one of her ambitions. "
"Novak Djokovic is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No.1 in men's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).He is considered one of the greatest tennis players of all time.He is coached by former Slovak tennis player Marián Vajda and former German tennis player and six-time Grand Slam champion Boris Becker. Djokovic holds the best match winning rate (83.00%) in Open Era, as of August 2016. Djokovic has won 12 Grand Slam singles titles, the fourth most in history, and has held the No. 1 spot in the ATP rankings for a total of 214 weeks. In majors, Djokovic has won six Australian Open titles, three Wimbledon titles, two US Open titles and one French Open title. In 2016, he became the eighth player in history to achieve the Career Grand Slam; by winning the 2016 French Open, Djokovic became the third man to hold all four major titles at once, the first since Rod Laver in 1969, and the first ever to do so on three different surfaces."
James Monsees is the co-founder and chief product officer of JUUL Labs. James has over 15 years of experience developing consumer products. He holds an MS in Product Design from Stanford and a BA in Physics and Studio Art from Kenyon College.
"Prior to joining Google in March 2015, Porat worked at Morgan Stanley, where she was previously co-head of Technology Investment Banking. She has lead financing rounds on a number of tech companies including Amazon, eBay and Netscape."
"Bastian Lehmann is CEO of Postmates, the on-demand delivery company he co-founded in 2011. The idea for Postmates was originally conceived in 2005 when Bastian was relocating from Munich to London and he struggled with finding a simple solution for moving goods around a city. He later pursued this notion of “ride-sharing for stuff” through AngelPad in San Francisco, where he met his co-founders Sean Plaice and Sam Street. Postmates now operates in over 3,500 US cities and Mexico and has a fleet of 350,000+ Postmates making deliveries on the platform. Prior to Postmates, Bastian co-founded Curated.by, a real-time tweet curation platform based in London. Before that, at 12snap, he managed marketing budgets for Adidas and Lufthansa and helped many European startups in product related roles. A native of Germany, Bastian now lives in San Francisco."
"Palmer Luckey is the Founder of Anduril Industries. He is also the designer of the Oculus Rift, a virtual reality head-mounted display, and the founder of Oculus VR. Frustrated with the inadequacy and high cost of the existing HMDs on the market, Palmer began experimenting with his own designs in 2009 at the age of 16. In 2012, he formed Oculus VR, which was acquired two years later by Facebook for $2.3b. Palmer began attending Golden West College and Long Beach City College at the age of 14, and studied at California State University, Long Beach before dropping out to found Oculus VR. His deep interest in defense technology was driven by his time at the USC ICT MxR lab, where he built hardware used to research immersive PTSD treatment for US veterans. He continued to support various military applications of VR during his time at Oculus, informing his belief that radical modernization of US military technology is a prerequisite for preserving our way of life."
"Edward Snowden is an American computer professional who leaked classified information from the National Security Agency (NSA) to the mainstream media. He is a former system administrator for the Central Intelligence Agency and a counterintelligence trainer at the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA). He later worked for Dell assigned as a contractor to U.S. National Security Agency facilities in the United States and inside an NSA outpost in Japan. In March 2013, he joined the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton and worked as an infrastructure analyst inside the NSA center in Hawaii. In June 2013, he came to international attention after disclosing to several media outlets thousands of classified documents that he acquired while working as an NSA contractor for Dell and Booz Allen Hamilton."
"Amit, a senior leader at YES BANK and founding member of YES Institute, YES BANK’s practicing think-tank , is a ‘design-thinker’ with extensive experience in transformational leadership in the financial services & consultancy sectors across the world, and has made valuable contributions to the public understanding of FINTECH and Digital Banking. His responsibilities include business strategy, planning & analytics, marketing, internal & external communication, branding, digitalization, public & social policy advocacy, CSR strategy and sustainability initiatives. Recently recognized by LinkedIn as a key social media influencer with his profile featuring among the LinkedIn Power Profiles India 2016, Amit has been instrumental in creating and strengthening the ‘YES BANK’ brand over the last eight years. During his tenure, the bank’s profit has grown more than 10x, and the bank has emerged as one of the Top 500 Banking Brands globally. Prior to joining YES BANK, Amit has worked with organizations like TSMG and L&T."
"John Legend is a nine-time Grammy Award winning recording artist, critically-acclaimed concert performer, philanthropist/social activist, and was named one of Time magazine’s 100 most influential people. Legend’s debut album, Get Lifted (2004) sold more than three million copies worldwide and earned an astounding eight Grammy nominations with three wins for Best New Artist, Best Male R&B Vocal Performance and Best R&B album. Legend’s follow-up album, Once Again (2006) earned RIAA platinum certification and a Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance. High off the success of his third consecutive Top 10 album, Evolver (2008), Legend embarked on an extensive world tour with an 11 piece band - his largest traveling show to date. Inspired by the monumental 2008 Presidential election, Legend teamed up with The Roots to release the socially conscious album, Wake Up! (2010.) The album was nominated for five Grammy Awards and won Best R&B Album, Best Traditional R&B Vocal Performance and Best R&B song (for “Shine”- an original composition also featured in Academy Award-winning director Davis Guggenheim’s documentary film Waiting for Superman) along with two NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Album and Outstanding Duo, Group or Collaboration. In 2007, Legend launched the Show Me Campaign, a nonprofit organization fighting poverty around the world. John also sits on the Boards of The Education Equality Project, Teach for America, and the Harlem Village Academies. Legend has been honored several times for his activism, including the 2010 BET Humanitarian of the Year award, the 2009 CARE Humanitarian Award for Global Change, and the 2009 Africare’s Bishop John T. Walker Distinguished Humanitarian Service Award. In early 2012, Legend released one of the hottest songs of his career, the RIAA gold-certified hit “Tonight (Best You’ve Ever Had),” which sat atop the Urban AC radio chart for six consecutive weeks. Legend recently released his fifth studio album Love in the Future, with executive producers Kanye West and Dave Tozer, and will embark on a North American tour this autumn."
"Carlos ""ocelote"" Rodríguez is a competitive entrepreneur who's main focus surrounds electronic sports (esports), gaming and technology. Having competed as a professional esports player successfully for 9 years while negotiating his own royalty and sponsorship deals has given him heaps of experience and grasp of the market to understand its trends and behavior. As a consequence Carlos has founded and currently manages G2esports.com, which has grown to be one of the premier esports clubs in the world in just two years time."
"Baron Davis is a two-time NBA All-Star and record-holder.  Over a thirteen-year career, he played for the Charlotte Hornets, the Golden State Warriors, the Los Angeles Clippers, the Cleveland Cavaliers, and the New York Knicks.  Known for his electrifying style on the court, Davis was a powerful point guard, who won national acclaim for executing in crucial, high-pressure moments, when his team needed him the most. An entrepreneur, investor, and businessman, Baron was one of the original investors for Vitaminwater and helped with the launch of Thrive Market.  Baron is also the founder of several companies under his Bar Davis Enterprises (BDE) banner, including Sports and Lifestyle in Culture (SLIC), The Black Santa Company, and No Label—each with the objective of combining creative talent with original publication and production to provide powerful and engaging stories that appeal to global audiences.    Under Baron Davis Enterprises and its affiliated or managed entities, Mr. Davis invests in operating companies with a focus on SIC sectors: Film and Music Production, Publications, Merchandise and Retail, Finance, Real Estate, and Technology. In film, music production, and publication, BDE acquires, develops, launches, and operates high-end publications, premium films, animations, documentaries, TV shows, and promotional content with the goal of creating unique, new worlds and experiences for the consumer market.  Leveraging international experience and practical business acumen, BDE is currently operating No Label, a premium production entity; SLIC Studios with focused content and IP development within Sports, Lifestyle and Culture; premium content, merchandise, and experiences around the culture and voices within basketball; and The Black Santa Company, a new media company that creates original characters, animations, comic books, children books, contemporary and engaging content, and high-quality products celebrating diversity, fun, and positivity.  In the finance industry, Baron Davis Enterprises incubates and invests in start-up firms operating in the merchandise, production, music, technology and financial services sectors. The firm’s real estate platform focuses on under-utilized assets in national urban markets. Through acquisition, design, and development, the entity unlocks value in real estate, providing superior risk-adjusted returns, while positively impacting each community entered. Another of Baron’s ventures, BIG (Business Inside the Game) aims to create unique gatherings designed to catalyze entrepreneurship, creative achievement, and global change. Through a series of invitation-only events and seminars, BIG fosters a global community of entrepreneurs, athletes, scientists, artists, non-profit founders, musicians, authors, engineers, tastemakers, and thought leaders. BIG seeks out the highest profile leaders across all disciplines, as well as the yet to be discovered up-and-comers, to share their unique talents and knowledge with the world.  "
"Neal Kwatra is the founder of Metropolitan Public Strategies, an innovative consulting agency that brings strategic consulting, communications, research, content creation, and advertising to create a successful campaign."
"Dwight David Howard is an American professional basketball player for the Houston Rockets of the NBA. An eight-time All-Star, seven-time All-NBA team selection, five-time All-Defensive member, and three-time Defensive Player of the Year, Howard has been ranked consistently as one of the best in the league in rebounds, blocks, field goal percentage and free throw attempts, and has set numerous franchise and league records. He led the Magic to three division titles and one conference title, and he was the winner of the 2008 NBA Slam Dunk Contest. In the 2008 Olympics, he was the starting center for Team USA, which went on to win the gold medal. He was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers in 2012, and signed with the Houston Rockets in 2013."
"Sean Rad is the Founder of Tinder, and was the company's CEO & Chairman until late 2016. Prior to Tinder, Sean was the Founder & President of both Adly and Orgoo. He attended the University of Southern California Marshall School of Business, where he received an honorary degree and gave a commencement speech in 2016."
"Sagar Jaybhay is a Senior Software Developer with over seven years of experience. He is an expert in C# and other programming languages and technologies. Sagar also teaches courses and maintains a blog with resources on C#, AI, and other web and software technologies."
"Jared Polis is a congressman and co-founder of TechStars, BlueMountain, and ProFlowers.  He is a Democrat and a member of the United States House of Representatives for Colorado’s 2nd congressional district. He is also a former member of the Colorado State Board of Education. In 1998, he launched the online florist company ProFlowers that expanded to become Provide Commerce, Inc."
"Tony Xu is the CEO and co-founder of DoorDash, a technology company passionate about transforming local businesses and dedicated to enabling new ways of working, earning, and living. As a first-generation American who grew up working in his mom’s restaurant, Tony started DoorDash to help small business owners succeed. Prior to co-founding DoorDash, Tony worked in Product at Square, led special projects for the CEO and CFO at eBay, and began his career at McKinsey and Company. He holds a B.S. with high honors in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research from UC Berkeley and an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business, where he was an Arjay Miller Scholar. DoorDash is focused on being the restaurant industry’s “last-mile” solution and has grown into a $700 million leader in the on-demand space. Today, the company is also focusing efforts on an issue particularly important to Xu, using that same logistical expertise to reduce food waste with the recent launch of Project DASH. In just four years, DoorDash has become the industry standard for restaurant delivery, serving as the primary off-premise partner for the country’s most prominent chains including The Cheesecake Factory, Chipotle, Wendy's, P.F. Chang’s China Bistro and Dunkin’ Donuts, while also championing corner restaurants like the one Xu grew up in."
Jane Manchun Wong is a tech blogger who has a history of uncovering yet-to-launch features or those still in testing through the use of reverse engineering tactics.
"Seymour is MAGFAST’s eclectic, experienced, and extremely passionate CEO. Laser-focussed on customer experience, he builds the brand’s magic and drives down business risk to deliver a range of products he describes as ‘Far and away the best work of my life‘. Although he admits to having been ‘an almost superhumanly poor student’ Seymour actually studied engineering at Oxford University, and his long and varied career has since included stints at major ad agencies Ogilvy & Mather and Saatchi & Saatchi, as a radio personality at London’s mighty Capital Radio and co-founder of a venture-backed Silicon Valley startup. He’s also founded or attempted companies to help folks speed up their websites, transform the world of transportation and even get relief from fears and phobias! MAGFAST is his second USB charging company – the first grew far too quickly and, as he puts it ‘provided the excruciatingly painful experience needed to make MAGFAST a success!’ At MAGFAST, Seymour builds magic, and drives down risk. He has assembled a world-class team around him to deliver a range of products that Seymour calls 'The best work of my life'."
"Pankaj is the Co-Founder and COO of Zomato. Prior to Zomato, Pankaj worked with Bain and Company, in New Delhi. In his current role, Pankaj oversees sales and operations for Zomato in local and international markets. He has also been responsible for all mobile development and distribution across platforms. Pankaj graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering from IIT Delhi in 2007."
"Romney has been Executive Partner and Group Chairman of Solamere Capital LLC, a private investment firm, since March 2013. Prior to that he was the 2012 Republican nominee for the office of President of the United States. He also was a candidate for the 2008 Republican presidential nomination. Before that, he served as the Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 2003 through 2007. Prior to his time as Governor, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of the 2002 Winter Olympic Games in Salt Lake City. Gov. Romney started his career in business in 1978 as a Vice President of Bain & Company, Inc., a management consulting firm based in Boston, Massachusetts. In 1984, he left Bain & Company, Inc. to co-found a spin-off private equity investment company, Bain Capital, where he worked until 1998. Gov. Romney served as a director of the Company or its predecessors from 1993 through 2002 and again from January 2009 through January 2011. He rejoined the Board in December 2012. Gov. Romney brings to our Board and our Finance Committee, his unique blend of management experience in both the corporate and government sectors, knowledge of public policy matters as a result of his service as the Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and financial services experience from his positions with Bain & Company and Bain Capital."
"Mukesh Bansal is a Co-Founder, CEO, and W.I.P at CureFit. Previously, he co-founded Myntra and served the same company as the chief executive officer. Bansal holds a bachelor’s degree in computer science from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur."
"Robert has more than 20 years’ experience in the biometrics, smart card and IT security industries. He created ground-breaking products, solutions and received several patents while working for companies that include Siemens, Giesecke & Devrient and BMW, prior to joining NEXT in 2010. Robert has delivered numerous scientific papers and lectures as part of his professional life and he is an active contributor working with industry standards bodies. Robert received his PhD in Computer Science from Munich University of Technology. He is based in Munich, Germany."
"A Silicon Valley icon and philanthropist for the past three decades, Steve Wozniak helped shape the computing industry with his design of Apple's first line of products the Apple I and II and influenced the popular Macintosh. In 1976, Wozniak and Steve Jobs founded Apple Computer Inc. with Wozniak's Apple I personal computer. The following year, he introduced his Apple II personal computer, featuring a central processing unit, a keyboard, color graphics, and a floppy disk drive. The Apple II was integral in launching the personal computer industry. In 1981, he went back to UC Berkeley and finished his degree in electrical engineering/computer science. For his achievements at Apple Computer, Wozniak was awarded the National Medal of Technology by the President of the United States in 1985, the highest honor bestowed on America's leading innovators. In 2000, he was inducted into the Inventors Hall of Fame and was awarded the prestigious Heinz Award for Technology, The Economy and Employment for ""single-handedly designing the first personal computer and for then redirecting his lifelong passion for mathematics and electronics toward lighting the fires of excitement for education in grade school students and their teachers."" After leaving Apple in 1985, Wozniak was involved in various business and philanthropic ventures, focusing primarily on computer capabilities in schools and stressing hands-on learning and encouraging creativity for students. Making significant investments of both his time and resources in education, he ""adopted"" the Los Gatos School District, providing students and teachers with hands-on teaching and donations of state-of-the-art technology equipment. He founded the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and was the founding sponsor of the Tech Museum, Silicon Valley Ballet and Children's Discovery Museum of San Jose. Wozniak currently serves as Chief Scientist for Fusion-io and is a published author with the release of his New York Times Best Selling autobiography, iWoz: From Computer Geek to Cult Icon, in September 2006 by Norton Publishing. His television appearances include reality show ""Kathy Griffin: My Life on the D-List"" and season eight of ABC's ""Dancing with the Stars"". He also recently appeared on the popular comedy on CBS, The Big Bang Theory."
"Eduardo Saverin is a Co-founder and Partner of B Capital Group. Mr. Saverin was the first investor in and co-founder of Facebook. Today, Facebook, as a publicly traded company with a market cap surpassing $300 billion, empowers more than one billion people of all age groups, geographies, languages and cultural affinities to share and make the world a more open and connected place. Mr. Saverin is squarely focused on investing in the next wave of technological innovation. As a technology investor and mentor, he has advised and worked closely with an array of companies of all sizes and stages that share one common thread: a passion for people-centric innovation, alongside a mobile platform bias with pan-global ambitions. Mr. Saverin earned a BA from Harvard University."
"Bill McDermott is chief executive officer of SAP, the world’s business software market leader. He leads the company’s nearly 99,000 employees and 2+ million-person ecosystem in executing SAP’s vision to help the world run better and improve peoples’ lives. Since becoming CEO in 2010, Bill’s innovation-led strategy for SAP has resulted in expansive increases in customers, total revenue, market value and profitable growth. One of the most popular leaders in business, Bill’s approval rating from employees on website Glassdoor hovers around 99%. As the only American in history to lead Europe’s most valuable technology company, Bill advises world leaders and policymakers on issues including youth unemployment, digital government and international trade policy. He is a member of the European Roundtable of Industrialists and the U.S. Business Council.   Bill also serves on the boards of directors for performance apparel maker Under Armour, engineering software maker ANSYS, Inc. and security solutions leader Dell SecureWorks. He has received numerous awards for his civic leadership, including GENYOUth’s Vanguard Award, City Year’s Idealist of the Year, the We Are Family Foundation’s Visionary Award and the Children’s Aid Society’s Promise Award. He is a proud supporter of Thomas Jefferson University Hospital and Jefferson Health.  His life stories and leadership lessons are shared in Bill’s worldwide best-selling autobiography, Winners Dream: A Journey from Corner Store to Corner Office. The book is now in its 12th printing and was awarded the gold medal for business memoir of the year in 2014. It has been published in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany and China. Bill resides in Germany, the United States and, most frequently, at 39,000 feet."
"Vishal Sikka is the Founder and CEO of Vianai, a startup based in the San Francisco Bay Area that provides advanced technological software and services in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to large companies around the world. He currently also serves on the board of the BMW Group and as an advisor to the Stanford Institute of Human-Centered AI. Prior, Sikka served as Executive Vice Chairman of Infosys and former Indian American CEO and MD of Infosys. On August 18, 2017, he stepped down as managing director of Infosys. He quit as Executive Vice Chairman of Infosys on August 24, 2017, when Nandan Nilekani was appointed as the new Non-Executive Chairman of the Board. Prior to joining Infosys, Sikka was a member of the Executive Board and the Global Managing Board of SAP AG, leading all SAP products and innovation globally. In his 12 years at SAP, Sikka led SAP's product portfolio including the breakthrough in-memory platform, SAP HANA, and all their applications, cloud and technology solutions. He is credited with accelerating SAP's development processes, transforming its innovation culture and leading several successful product co-creation initiatives with clients. He is also the creator of the concept of ‘timeless software,’ which represents the renewal of products without disruption to customer environments. Sikka left the SAP board in May 2014 for ""personal reasons,"" and was announced as CEO and MD of Infosys on June 12, 2014. After three years at Infosys, Sikka left on August 18, 2017. India Today magazine ranked him #32nd in India's 50 Most powerful people of 2017 list."
"Vinod Khosla is an entrepreneur, investor and technologist. He is the founder of Khosla Ventures, a firm focused on assisting entrepreneurs to build impactful new energy and technology companies. Vinod grew up dreaming of being an entrepreneur, despite being from an Indian army household with no business or technology connections. Since the age of 16, when he first heard about the founding of Intel, he dreamt of starting his own technology company. After graduating with a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) in New Delhi, Vinod failed to start a soymilk company to service the many people in India who did not have refrigerators. Instead, he came to the U.S. to further his academic studies and received a master’s degree in biomedical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University. Eventually, his startup dreams led him to Silicon Valley, where he received a master’s degree in business administration from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Upon graduation, Vinod co-founded Daisy Systems, the first significant computer-aided design system for electrical engineers. The company went on to achieve significant revenue, profits and an IPO. Then, driven by the frustration of having to design the computer hardware on which the Daisy software needed to be built, Vinod started the standards-based Sun Microsystems in 1982 to build workstations for software developers. As the founding CEO of Sun, he pioneered open systems and commercial RISC processors. Sun Microsystems was funded by Vinod’s longtime friend and board member John Doerr of Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers (KPCB). In 1986, Vinod joined KPCB as a general partner. While there, he played a crucial role in taking on Intel’s monopoly by building and growing semiconductor company, Nexgen, which eventually was acquired by Advanced Micro Devices (AMD). Nexgen/AMD was the only microprocessor to have significant success against Intel. Thereafter, Vinod helped incubate the idea and business plan for Juniper Networks to take on Cisco System’s dominance of the router market. He also was involved in the formulation of the early advertising-based search strategy for Excite. In addition to his many other contributions at KPCB, he helped transform the moribund telecommunications business and its archaic SONET implementations with Cerent Corporation, which was acquired by Cisco Systems in 1999 for $7.2 billion. In 2004, driven by the need for flexibility to accommodate four teenaged children, the desire to be more experimental and to fund sometimes imprudent “science experiments,” Vinod formed Khosla Ventures to focus on both for-profit and social impact investments. His goals remain the same: work and learn from fun and knowledgeable entrepreneurs, build impactful companies by leveraging innovation and spend time with a partnership that makes a difference. Vinod has a passion for nascent technologies that have beneficial effects and economic impact on society. While he only serves on the boards of a few select companies, he works closely with most KV companies as they face transitions or key decisions. Vinod’s greatest passion is being a mentor to entrepreneurs building technology-based businesses. He is driven by the desire to make a positive impact through scaling new energy sources, achieving petroleum independence and promoting a pragmatic approach to the environment. He also is passionate about social entrepreneurship with a special emphasis on microfinance as a poverty alleviation tool. He is a supporter of many microfinance organizations in India and Africa. He also has been experimenting with innovations in education and global housing. Vinod also is a charter member of The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE), a non-profit global network of entrepreneurs and professionals that was founded in 1992 and has more than 40 chapters in nine countries today. He is a founding board member of the Indian School of Business (ISB). Vinod holds a bachelor of technology degree in electrical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) in New Delhi, India, a master’s degree in biomedical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University and a master’s degree in business administration from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business."
"Sundar Pichai joined Google in 2004 and became CEO in August of 2015. Prior to that, he led the product management and innovation efforts for a suite of Google's consumer products, including Google Toolbar, Chrome and Chrome OS. He was also responsible for the HTML5 and open web platform efforts at Google. Before joining Google, he held various engineering and product management positions at Applied Materials, and was a management consultant with McKinsey & Company for a variety of software and semiconductor clients. Sundar brings more than 15 years of experience developing high-tech consumer and enterprise products and is a Board Member at Jive Software. Sundar received a B.Tech from the Indian Institute of Technology and was awarded an Institute Silver Medal. He holds an M.S. from Stanford University, and an MBA from the Wharton School, where he was named a Siebel Scholar and a Palmer Scholar."
"Nat Friedman is an entrepreneur and developer. Nat is passionate about building products that delight customers, with love and attention to detail. Nat has two degrees from MIT and has been writing software for 27 years. In 1999, he co-founded Ximian with Miguel de Icaza. Nat was a co-founder and chairman of the GNOME foundation. At Novell, Nat ran engineering for a $110M product and served as CTO of the Linux business. Nat is an avid traveler who visited 20 countries in 2010, an active angel investor, and a private pilot."
"Jeff Bishop is a Professional Trader and Entrepreneur that brings over 20 years of relevant experience, which has helped him become known as a leader in the trading industry. He is the Founder of the popular trading programs, Raging Bull Trading and Weekly Money Multiplier. Jeff specializes in trading options and ETFs, and is continuously looking to help others gain the same skills that can lead to success.    Jeff Bishop originally came up with the concept for Raging Bull Trading while finding significant success through options trading. After finding his talent for trading and making significant profits, Jeff made the decision to switch his career, and became a full-time trader. He wanted to have a way to share some of his biggest success secrets in trading with other professionals who were interested in learning about trading and the stock market.    During this time, Jeff Bishop was introduced to Jason Bond, eventually leading to him to become Jason’s trading mentor. After seeing the knack that Jason has for trading and education, they teamed up to create Raging Bull Trading (RagingBull.com) in 2010. Since then, Jeff has had the opportunity to teach over 10,000 students about his recipe for success. In 2018, Jeff expanded his resume by adding his options trading program, Weekly Money Multiplier. Weekly Money Multiplier is offered to students that are enrolled in Raging Bull that is taught by Jeff himself. In 2019, Raging Bull Trading was named as one of the fastest-growing privately held companies in America by Inc.'s 5,000 List.  Jeff Bishop completed his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Finance from the University of Texas at Austin. He is also a member of the well-known  MENSA, the largest and oldest high IQ society in the world. To date, only 2% of the population qualifies to be in the society, making it an exciting part of Jeff's impressive background."
"Matthew James ""Matt"" Bellamy (born 9 June 1978) is an English musician best known as the lead vocalist, guitarist, pianist, and principal songwriter of rock band Muse. He is often recognized for his eccentric stage persona, wide tenor vocal range, and piano and guitar abilities."
"Michael I. Jordan is the Pehong Chen Distinguished Professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and the Department of Statistics at the University of California, Berkeley. His research interests bridge the computational, statistical, cognitive and biological sciences.   Prof. Jordan is a member of the National Academy of Sciences and a member of the National Academy of Engineering. He has been named a Neyman Lecturer and a Medallion Lecturer by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics.  He received the IJCAI Research Excellence Award in 2016, the David E. Rumelhart Prize in 2015 and the ACM/AAAI Allen Newell Award in 2009."
"Eldrick Tont ""Tiger"" Woods (born December 30, 1975) is an American professional golfer who is among the most successful golfers of all time. He has been one of the highest-paid athletes in the world for several years. Woods turned professional in 1996, and by April 1997 he had already won his first major, the 1997 Masters in a record-breaking performance, winning the tournament by 12 strokes and pocketing $486,000. He first reached the number one position in the world rankings in June 1997. Through the 2000s, Woods was the dominant force in golf, spending 264 weeks from August 1999 to September 2004 and 281 weeks from June 2005 to October 2010 as world number one. From December 2009 to early April 2010, Woods took leave from professional golf to focus on his marriage after he admitted infidelity. His many extra-marital indescretions were revealed by several different women, through many worldwide media sources. This was followed by a loss of golf form, and his ranking gradually fell to a low of No. 58 in November 2011. He ended a career-high winless streak of 107 weeks when he captured the Chevron World Challenge in December 2011.[8] After winning the Arnold Palmer Invitational on March 25, 2013, he ascended to the No.1 ranking once again, holding the top spot until May 2014."
"Tom Chavez is the co-founder of super{set}, a venture studio that founds, funds, and builds technology startups. For the past 20+ years, Tom’s professional focus has centered on using data, decision science, and AI to solve hard, interesting problems. Prior to forming super{set}, Tom was the CEO and co-founder of Krux, a martech platform acquired by Salesforce in 2016. Before Krux, Tom was the CEO and co-founder of Rapt, a provider of software for media monetization acquired by Microsoft in 2007. Over time the companies Tom has led have generated a 17.5x return for investors and substantial wealth for employees. He is also an investor in his friends’ ventures, which include companies like SafeGraph, Datavant, Survata, Postie, Pawscout, and Kogniz."
"As president of the Platforms & Services Division of Microsoft, Kevin Johnson leads an organization of over 14,000 employees responsible for product development, marketing and strategy for the Windows and Online Services businesses. With Bill Gates, Steve Ballmer and seven other senior executives, Johnson also serves on the Senior Leadership Team that sets overall strategy and direction for Microsoft. Since assuming his role in September 2005, Johnson successfully launched Windows Vista to consumers and commercial customers, resulting in record-breaking Windows revenue of nearly US$15 billion in fiscal year 2007. In addition to leading the Windows business, Johnson is driving the company's evolution towards software + services and building on the company's position as a leader in the online advertising market. Under Johnson's leadership, Microsoft has completed over 30 acquisitions in support of its software + services strategy. In August 2007, Johnson closed the company's largest acquisition, of aQuantive, Inc., to form Microsoft Advertiser & Publisher Solutions, and complement Microsoft's development of an industry-leading online advertising platform. Microsoft Advertiser & Publisher Solutions provides an online advertising platform for an ecosystem of industry partners, including advertisers, publishers and digital marketing agencies. Today the platform has offerings across digital media types and devices, including the PC, Web, mobile phones, gaming consoles, IPTV and Video-on-demand. Johnson also leads development and marketing of Microsoft's consumer online services, including Live Search, MSN.com and Windows Live, which collectively drove nearly $2.5 billion in revenue in fiscal year 2007. These compelling experiences attract hundreds of millions of consumers per month, and provide online advertising opportunities to businesses worldwide. Previously, Johnson held a number of leadership positions in sales and marketing at Microsoft, where he worked globally with consumer, small/medium business and enterprise customers. Prior to his current role, Johnson served as group vice president of Microsoft's worldwide sales, marketing and services, leading an organization of 30,000 employees, including field sales and marketing professionals who delivered $40 billion in revenue during fiscal 2005. Johnson also oversaw corporate operations and IT functions that support the work of Microsoft employees around the world. In his tenure as head of sales, marketing and services, Johnson led a transformation in the field. He organized subsidiary leadership teams in more than 80 countries and regions and orchestrated their efforts to better align with product development and company priorities. His re-engineering of the field operating approach and the sales compensation system contributed to an $11 billion increase in sales from 2002-2005.  Johnson also led a cross-company initiative focused on emerging markets, positioning the company as a trusted partner for future growth. Johnson joined Microsoft in 1992, serving in a variety of roles across sales, marketing and services during his career at the company. Before joining Microsoft, Johnson worked in IBM's systems integration and consulting business unit from 1986 to 1992.  He started his career in 1981 as a software developer in the petroleum and financial services industries. Johnson grew up in New Mexico and holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from New Mexico State University. He is a founding member of the board of directors of NPower, a nonprofit organization whose mission is to help other nonprofits use technology to expand the reach and impact of their work. He is also a member of the Western Region Board of Advisors of Catalyst, a non-profit organization dedicated to women's career advancement."
"Henry Ward is the CEO and co-founder of Carta (formerly eShares), With a background in finance and technology. Prior to eShares, Henry was the Founder and CEO of Secondsight, a portfolio optimization platform for retail investors.  Mr. Ward received a BGS in Mathematics and Computer Science at the University of Michigan and an MSC in Market Finance at EDHEC Business School."
"Goldberg spent eight years at Oracle Corporation, where he served as a vice president. He was involved in a variety of projects, all focused on making powerful database technology more accessible to users. When he left Oracle, he started mBED Software and built groundbreaking Web site technology. He founded NetSuite in 1998. Goldberg holds a B.A. Summa Cum Laude in Applied Mathematics from Harvard College."
"Michael is a Founder & Managing Partner at Bowery Capital based in New York. Prior to Bowery Capital, Brown was a Co-Founder and General Partner at AOL Ventures. Before AOL Ventures, Brown worked for the investment arm of Richard Branson’s Virgin Group. He began his career at Morgan Stanley as an equity research analyst. Outside of his professional life, Brown serves on the Board of Directors of the National Forest Foundation and the Columbia College Alumni Association. He holds a B.A. from Columbia University."
"Michael R. Bloomberg is an entrepreneur and philanthropist who served three terms as Mayor of the City of New York. In 1966, Michael R. Bloomberg was hired by a Wall Street firm, Salomon Brothers, for an entry-level job. When Salomon was acquired in 1981, he was let go from the firm. Then with a vision of an Information Technology Company, that would bring quality to the buying and selling of financial securities, Michael R. Bloomberg launched a small startup in a one room office. Today, Bloomberg Company is a global company that has more than 15,000 employees and offices in 73 countries around the world. During his occupancy as Mayor, from 2002 through 2013, he turned around a broken public school system by raising standards and holding schools accountable for success. Michael R. Bloomberg’s economic policies helped New York City experience record-levels of private-sector job growth often in formerly depressed neighborhoods. His passion for public health led to new strategies that became national representations, including a ban on smoking in all indoor workplaces, as well as at parks and beaches. Michael R. Bloomberg launched pioneering anti-poverty efforts, including the Young Men’s Initiative and the Center for Economic Opportunity. He launched national bi-partisan coalitions to combat illegal guns, reform immigration, and invest in infrastructure. In addition to Bloomberg Philanthropies' five areas of focus: public health, arts and culture, the environment, education, and government innovation, Michael R. Bloomberg has continued to support projects of other importance to him, including his university, Johns Hopkins University, where he served as the chairman of the board of trustees from 1996 to 2001. The university's School of Hygiene and Public Health, the largest public health facility in the U.S., is the Bloomberg School of Public Health in recognition of his commitment and support. He has donated more than $2.4 billion to a wide variety of causes and organizations. As chair of the C40 Climate Leadership Group from 2010 to 2013, Michael R. Bloomberg drew international attention to cities’ leading role in the fight against climate change. In 2014, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appointed Michael R. Bloomberg to be U.N. Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change where he will focus on helping cities and countries set and achieve more climate change goals. Michael R. Bloomberg attended Johns Hopkins University till 1964, and later he attended Harvard Business School from where he obtained an MBA."
"Matt Mullenweg is a co-founder of WordPress, an open-source blogging platform on the web. He is also the founder of Automattic, the company behind WordPress.com and Jetpack, and Audrey Capital, an investment and research company.    Matt got his start in technology working at CNET Networks as a senior product manager. He went on to found Global Multimedia Protocols Group, an experimental metamemetics company, to develop open data formats. He has been recognized for his leadership and success by Forbes, BusinessWeek, INC., PC World, and Vanity Fair.    Matt is originally from Houston, Texas, where he attended the high school for the performing and visual arts and studied jazz saxophone. In his spare time, Matt is an avid photographer."
"John Collison is president and co-founder of Stripe, the online payments company that is expanding internet commerce by making it easyto process transactions from anywhere. John and his brother Patrick Collison started Stripe in 2010 while John was studying physics at Harvard. Their goal was to make accepting payments online simpler and more inclusive, after learning firsthand how difficult it was. Today, the 100+ person (and growing) Stripe team powers online businesses around the world. Prior to Stripe, John co-founded Auctomatic, which was acquired by Live Current Media in March 2008. Originally from Limerick, Ireland, John lives in San Francisco, California, where Stripe is based."
"Steve Jobs was the co-founder and CEO of [Apple](http://www.crunchbase.com/organization/apple) and formerly [Pixar](/organization/pixar). Steve Jobs was born in San Francisco, California to Joanne Simpson and a Syrian father. Paul and Clara Jobs of Mountain View, California then adopted him. In 1972, Jobs graduated from Homestead High School in Cupertino, California and enrolled in Reed College in Portland, Oregon. One semester later, he dropped out, later taking up the study of philosophy and foreign cultures. Steve Jobs had a deep-seated interest in technology, so he took up a job at [Atari Inc,](/organization/atari) then a leading manufacturer of video games. He struck a friendship with fellow designer [Steve Wozniak](/person/steve-wozniak) and attended Homebrew Computer Club meetings with him.  After saving up some money, Jobs took off for India in the search of enlightenment. Once he returned, he convinced Wozniak to quit his job at [Hewlett Packard](/organization/hewlett-packard) to join him in his venture that concerned personal computers. They sold items like scientific calculators to raise seed capital.  In 1976, Jobs and Wozniak founded [Apple Computer](/organization/apple) in the Jobs family garage. The first personal computer was sold for $666.66. By 1980, Apple had already released three improved versions of the personal computer. It had a wildly successful IPO, which made both founders millionaires many times over.  A tiff with the Apple's Board of Directors and John Scully led to Jobs' resignation. Steve Jobs decided that he wanted to change the hardware industry. The company was called [NeXTStep](/organization/next), which produced the NeXT Computer. The machine was a commercial washout but helped with future work in object-oriented programming, PostScript, and magneto-optical devices. Jobs returned to his original company after Apple acquired NeXT in 1996. Steve Jobs also started [Pixar](/organization/pixar), which has produced multiple blockbuster films, including Toy Story (1995); A Bug's Life (1998); Toy Story 2 (1999); Monsters, Inc. (2001); Finding Nemo (2003); and The Incredibles (2004). In 2004, Jobs was diagnosed with a malignant tumor in his pancreas, which was successfully treated.  Jobs resigned as CEO of Apple on August 24, 2011 and subsequently assumed the role of Chairman of the Board.  On October 5, 2011, Jobs passed away."
"Joe Tsai joined our company in 1999 as one of our 18 founders. He served as our chief financial officer until May 2013 and is currently the executive vice chairman of the company. Joe oversees Alibaba’s strategic acquisitions and investments. He has been a member of our board of directors since our inception, and is a founding member of the Alibaba Partnership, serving on our partnership committee. Joe serves on the boards of several of Alibaba's investee companies, including Koubei (local services), Ele.me (food delivery), Cainiao Network (logistics) and Magic Leap. From 1995 to 1999, Joe was a private equity investor based in Hong Kong with Investor AB, the main investment vehicle of Sweden's Wallenberg family. Prior to that, he was general counsel of Rosecliff, Inc., a New York management buyout firm, and from 1990 to 1993, was a tax associate with the New York-based law firm Sullivan & Cromwell LLP. Joe is qualified to practice law in the State of New York. He received his bachelor's degree in Economics and East Asian Studies from Yale College and a juris doctor from Yale Law School."
"Jyoti Bansal is a serial entrepreneur. His first company AppDynamics was acquired by Cisco for $3.7 billion in 2017. He is currently cofounder/CEO of Harness - a fast-growing enterprise startup valued at $500 million in early 2019. He is also founder/CEO of BIG Labs - a startup studio, and cofounder of Unusual Ventures - a new $165 million early-stage venture capital fund."
"Naval Ravikant is the CEO and a co-founder of AngelList. He previously co-founded Epinions (which went public as part of Shopping.com) and Vast.com. He is an active Angel investor, and have invested in dozens of companies, including Twitter, Uber, Yammer, Stack Overflow and Wanelo."
"Arihant is the Managing Director of Patni Financial Advisors, a wealth management company that advises high net worth families on a wide range of investment options. He is also Co-founder and Director at Nirvana venture Advisors. Arihant began his career at his family business, Patni Computer Systems, one of the leading Indian IT businesses of the time, where he held positions in the computer software and human resources departments, as well as being a business development and marketing executive. Subsequently, Arihant worked as a Business Strategy Consultant for Fidelity Investments in Boston."
Tom is known as the trusted friend to many of the CEO's he backs. He invests across all stages.
"Howard Schultz, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Starbucks Coffee Company, first walked into Starbucks in Seattle’s Pike Place Market in 1981. Howard was drawn into conversation with these connoisseurs who took great care in not only finding and roasting the highest quality coffee, but also sharing their passion with others. Drawn to Seattle and its extraordinary coffee culture, Howard moved from his native New York and joined Starbucks in 1982 as director of operations and marketing when Starbucks had four stores.   In 1983, Howard traveled to Italy and was captivated by Italian coffee bars and the romance of the coffee experience. He had a vision to bring the Italian coffeehouse tradition back to Seattle, creating a third place between work and home. In order to pursue this dream, Howard left Starbucks to start his own coffee company called Il Giornale and returned in August 1987 to purchase Starbucks with the help of local investors.  From that foundation, Starbucks has grown to nearly 19,000 stores in neighborhoods around the world. What remains the same from that first cup of coffee: a connection, a conversation, and a sense of community."
"Jon Purizhansky is a lawyer, entrepreneur and commentator in Buffalo, New York. He is an avid follower of US and International economics and politics."
"Martin Sorrell founded WPP plc (WPP), currently the world’s largest advertising and marketing services group, in 1985, and has been the Chief Executive Officer since that time. WPP companies, which include some of the most eminent agencies in the business, provide clients with advertising, media investment management, data investment management, public relations and public affairs, branding and identity, healthcare communications, direct, interactive and Internet marketing, and special communication services. Collectively, WPP employs over 170,000 people in 110 countries. Martin actively supports the advancement of international business schools, advising Harvard, IESE (Spain), the London Business School, the Indian School of Business and the Judge Institute at Cambridge University.  He has been publicly recognized with a number of awards, including the Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award. Martin received a knighthood in January 2000. In addition to his public company board memberships, Martin Sorrell serves as a Non-Executive Director of Alpha Topco Limited, a privately held holding company of the Formula One Group. Martin Sorrell is a former Chairman of the International Business Council of the World Economic Forum and a member of the Business Council in the U.S.  In addition, Martin serves on the Board of Directors of the Bloomberg Family Foundation and is a Member of the Advisory Boards of global investment firm Stanhope Capital and private equity firm Bowmark Capital. Martin is an internationally recognized business leader and brings to the Board his experience in growing the WPP enterprise throug."
"Neil Blumenthal is a co-founder and co-CEO of Warby Parker, a transformative lifestyle brand that offers designer eyewear at a revolutionary price, while leading the way for socially-conscious businesses. Prior to launching Warby Parker in 2010, Neil served as Director of VisionSpring, a non-profit social enterprise that trains low-income women to start their own businesses selling affordable eyeglasses to individuals living on less than $4 per day in developing countries. In 2005, Neil was named a Fellow for Emerging Leaders in Public Service at NYU Robert F. Wagner School for Public Service. In 2012, he was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum and one of the 100 Most Creative People in Business by Fast Company. In 2013, he became a member of the United Nations’ Global Entrepreneurs Council and was named one of Crain’s “40 Under Forty”. In 2013, he received an Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year award. Neil serves on the board of RxArt and on the United Nations Global Entrepreneurs Council. A native of New York City, Neil received his BA from Tufts University and his MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was both a Social Enterprise Fellow and a Leadership Fellow. Neil lives in Greenwich Village with his wife Rachel Leigh, the founder of Cricket's Circle."
I am amazed that the President has not hear about me.  I am a ten times college graduate and am prepare to transform his Presidency.  Please email me.  I an planning a Global Warming Conference to establish his views that it is a hoax.
"Stewart Butterfield serves as the CEO and Co-Founder at Slack Technologies, Inc. Stewart Butterfield serves as the President of LudiCorp Research and Development Ltd. Stewart Butterfield directed the 11-member design group (creative/visual/UI, production & QA) at Communicate.com, where he acted as design lead or managed teams on millions of dollars worth of projects for companies like HSBC and Sears Travel. He co-founded Flickr at Yahoo! Inc. Stewart Butterfield has served in the W3C's XForms working group and has been active in many other professional organizations. He has also a long consulting interaction design career, most recently with Telus, the CBC and The Economist. Stewart Butterfield founded the 5K competition, a lo-fi, high-profile design award, which has been featured everywhere from Playboy to Le Monde to USA Today. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board at Wantoo Networks Incorporated. Stewart Butterfield is a frequent speaker on design and technology topics at professional and academic events across Europe and North America. He was recently named to the International Academy of Digital Arts & Sciences and is a nominating judge in the Webby Awards (for Best Practice). In 2001, he was nominated for a Chrysler Design Award. In 2006, Time magazine’s put him on their list of the 100 most influential people in the world. Stewart Butterfield received a BA (Hons. with Distinction) in philosophy from the University of Victoria, and an MPhil in philosophy from Cambridge University, graduating with a First."
"Jim Walker is the President of Black Swan Digital Forensics in Memphis, Tennessee. The son of a school teacher and an officer in the United States Army, Jim Walker spent the majority of his early years traveling between military bases across the globe. He would attend Austin Peay State University on an Army ROTC scholarship, earning his bachelor of business administration. Walker felt that he had more to give, and ended up serving in the military for more than 20 years, while continuing his education at the University of Oklahoma where he earned a master’s in public administration.  A recipient of two Legion of Merit medals, Jim Walker’s unique assignments led him to Washington, and eventually Capitol Hill, where he also served as an aide to President Ronald Reagan. During his eight year tenure as the Director of Alabama’s Department of Homeland Security, Walker won five national awards for innovation in technology and government. Jim Walker was a key player in the claims program for the state of Alabama in the aftermath of the tragic BP Oil Spill of 2010 in the Gulf of Mexico, serving as the State Liason. He then looked to apply his experience in state and federal governments to local government where he spent four years.  In 2018, Walker turned his focus to the private sector and joined Black Swan Digital Forensics as the company’s President. Black Swan fields a team of computer and cell phone engineers, forensic programmers, and private investigators to bring innovative solutions to government and the marketplace."
"Travis Kalanick is a CEO at City Storage Systems. He is a co-founder and the former CEO of Uber Technologies Inc. Travis Kalanick is an entrepreneur in the areas of consumer internet, transportation, and enterprise content delivery. His most recent company, Uber, an on-demand black car service, seeks to be “Everyone’s Private Driver” by bringing disruptive technology and business innovation to urban transportation challenges.   Prior to Uber, Travis founded Red Swoosh , an enterprise content delivery company that he sold to Akamai Technologies in 2007. Prior companies include Scour, the world's first peer-to-peer search engine where Kalanick also attained the dubious distinction of having been sued for $250 billion. In addition, Kalanick has been an active angel investor.   Kalanick lived in Northridge, California where he graduated from Granada Hills High School and later enrolled in college at the University of California, Los Angeles to study computer engineering."
"Thomas Kurian is Executive Vice President of Oracle Product Development and reports to Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. He is responsible for leading all aspects of product strategy, software development, and delivery of Oracle’s software product portfolio including Oracle Database, Oracle Fusion Middleware, and ERP, CRM, and supply chain management applications. For the past several years, Mr. Kurian has been responsible for the Oracle Fusion Middleware family of products. Under Mr. Kurian’s leadership, the Oracle Fusion Middleware business became the fastest-growing business within Oracle and the industry’s leading middleware product suite. Since January 2008, Mr. Kurian has also led the development for Oracle’s next-generation business applications, Oracle Fusion Applications. Mr. Kurian has been with Oracle since 1996, holding various product management and development positions.  Prior to joining Oracle, Mr. Kurian worked in London, Brussels, and San Francisco as a consultant with McKinsey and Company, an international management-consulting firm, serving clients in the software, telecommunications, and financial services industries.  Mr. Kurian has a BA in electrical engineering from Princeton University, where he graduated summa cum laude. He also has an MBA from Stanford University’s Graduate School of Business where he was an Arjay Miller Scholar.  He serves as an advisory member on the boards of several international venture funds and software companies."
"Brittany Kaiser is a leader in development and promotion of cutting edge technology, having spent her career supporting companies, governments, and international organisations in adoption and integration. She also dedicates much of her time as a campaigner for rights to digital assets such as tokens on the blockchain and personal data. She is a thought leader and voice for global adoption of Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT). Ms Kaiser is a Co-Founder of the Digital Asset Trade Association (DATA) where she lobbies government agencies and legislators to pass laws protecting digital rights, beginning with huge successes making Wyoming the first US jurisdiction to protect blockchain entrepreneurship. She is also a Co-Founder of Bueno Capital where she leads on driving design and growth of new DLT projects. As an early promoter of blockchain technology, she also holds many advisory roles on global projects, from data ownership and identity to social impact."
"Clifford James Obrecht, also known as Cliff, co-founded Canva, Inc. in 2012 and serves as its Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Obrecht served as Chief Financial Officer of Canva, Inc. and serves as its Director."
James dyson is Founder @ Dyson.

"Rajan Anandan is an active angel investor in early stage technology companies.Rajan invests in early stage technology companies and has invested in internet, mobile and software startups in India. Rajan brings a deep understanding of technology, a track record of investing in many sectors across technology, first hand experience working closely with founding teams of startups and leading and growing several large technology businesses in US and India. Rajan has invested in over 45 technology startups in India as an angel investor (https://angel.co/rajan-anandan). He is also the co-founder of Blue Ocean Ventures (http://bov.lk/), the first seed fund in Sri Lanka. Blue Ocean started investing in 2012 and has made over 10 investments in Sri Lanka.  Rajan's career has spanned high technology and management consulting. Rajan is currently a Vice President of Google, Inc. In his current role Rajan is the Managing Director of Google India and is responsible for Google's operations in India. Prior to Google, Rajan was the Managing Director of Microsoft in India. In this role Rajan was responsible for leading the Sales Marketing and Services Group (SMSG) in India and led the largest software company in India.  Prior to Microsoft, Rajan was a Vice President with Dell and held several global leadership roles. He started as the Executive Assistant to the Chairman and CEO Michael Dell and then held several global roles including leading a large part of Dell International Services (Dell's global offshoring operations) and being the VP and Country General Manager of Dell India. Rajan started his career with McKinsey & Company was a Partner with McKinsey till 2003. At McKinsey, Rajan was based in the Chicago office and he worked with Fortune 500 companies in the US. Rajan has an MSc. in Manufacturing Systems Engineering from Stanford University and a BSc. in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology."
"Rajesh is the co-founder and CEO of InnerChef and Super Angels. He holds a bachelor's degree in electronic engineering from Delhi University, and a master's degree in management from Mumbai University.  He has also done a fellowship in 'Globalisation and Leadership' from the London School of Economics and Social Sciences."
"Michael S. Ovitz is a Hollywood mogul active in the fields of entertainment, advertising, finance, business and philanthropy.   He co-founded Creative Artists Agency (CAA) in 1975 and served as its chairman until 1995, served as President of the Walt Disney Company, from 1995 to 1997, and co-founded VC fund Broad Beach Ventures in 2010. In 1974 Ovitz co-founded Creative Artists Agency (CAA) with several agents from William Morris.  Ovitz served as its Chairman until 1995, growing the agency from a start-up organization to the world's leading talent agency, representing the top actors, directors, musicians, screenwriters and other personalities in the entertainment industry.  Ovitz shifted  negotiating leverage from studio to agency by assembling ""package deals"", wherein CAA would provide directors, actors and screenwriters as a package - forever changing the power dynamics in the industry.   Ovitz also expanded the role of the agency from talent management into corporate consulting, investment banking and advertising.  He helped negotiate Matsushita's acquisition of MCA/Universal, the financial rescue of MGM/United Artists, and Sony's acquisition of Columbia Pictures.  He shook up the advertising industry by winning Coca-Cola's global advertising account in 1991 from traditional .  Mr. Ovitz also served as President of the Walt Disney Company, from October 1995 to January 1997.   In 2010 Ovitz launched Venture Capital fund Broad Beach Ventures where he is among a select group of angels.  Investments thus far have included Medium, Palantir, Klout, Blend Labs, HipSwap, Factual, and more.  Ovitz is also Advisor to a number of Silicon Valley VC firms, including  Andreessen Horowitz, Thrive Capital, and Formation 8. Ovitz has served as a member of the Board of Directors for J. Crew Group Inc., Gulfstream Aviation and Opsware. He served as Chairman of the Executive Board of the UCLA Hospital and Medical Center and headed up the Capital Campaign to raise money for their new hospital, designed by I.M. Pei. He also served on the Executive Advisory Board of the Pediatric AIDS Foundation, the Board of Directors of D.A.R.E. America, and the National Board of Advisors for the Children's Scholarship Fund.   He currently sits on the Board of Directors of the Museum of Modern Art. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and is on the Board of Advisors of Andreessen Horowitz."
"Angel Investor at Dot Matrix Group - I'm looking to connect with people keen to angel invest within a syndicate. The Dot Matrix Group syndicate has members keen to contribute, learn and invest in UK based startups at the seed stage. Also co-founder of 9others, which was established in London in 2011. 9others is a network of over 4,000 entrepreneurs in 45 cities around the world - together we are pioneering the way entrepreneurs help each other solve challenges and grasp opportunities because we know that success requires the aid of others."
"Tom is Managing Partner at DST Global, an internet focused investment firm with a global focus."
"Michelle LaVaughn Robinson Obama (born January 17, 1964) is an American lawyer and writer. She is the wife of the 44th President of the United States, Barack Obama, and the first African-American First Lady of the United States. Raised on the South Side of Chicago, she is a graduate of Princeton University and Harvard Law School, and spent the early part of her legal career working at the law firm Sidley Austin, where she met Obama. Subsequently, she worked as part of the staff of Chicago mayor Richard M. Daley, and for the University of Chicago Medical Center."
"Edward Norton is a screenwriter, director and actor who began in 1996, starring in the film _Primal Fear_. He went on to do multiple roles that gained a great deal of recognition, such as _American History X_, _Fight Club_ and _Italian Job_. In 2000, he directed his first first film, _Keeping the Faith_, and worked on the script for _The Incredible Hulk_, _Frida_ and _The Score_."
Austen Allred co-founded Lambda School and serves as its CEO.

"Alexandr Wang is the CEO and a co-founder of Scale, which accelerates its customers' AI development by democratizing access to intelligent data (companies using Scale include Lyft, Cruise, and nuTonomy). After dropping out of M.I.T. to become a teenage tech lead at Quora, Alexandr founded Scale in 2016 and became the youngest entrepreneur ever funded by Accel. Named a Forbes 30 Under 30 honoree, Alexandr is a frequent speaker on the current AI challenges faced by autonomous vehicle innovators. He lives in San Francisco, where Scale is headquartered."
"David Marcus is the Head of Messaging Products at Facebook.  David was President of PayPal from April 2012 to July 2014, where he has overall responsibility for establishing PayPal as the leading global payment service and helping to drive the future of money around the world. A mobile payments entrepreneur and product innovator, David brings a wealth of experience creating products that engage and delight customers – both businesses and consumers alike. Most recently, David was PayPal’s vice president of mobile, where he led the company’s mobile business and product strategy, including the development and launch of PayPal Here.  David has more than 15 years of mobile and telecommunications experience worldwide and has a proven track record of starting and leading successful businesses. He joined PayPal in the company’s acquisition of Zong, a leading provider of payments through mobile carrier billing. Under David’s leadership as founder and CEO, Zong developed relationships with more than 250 carriers and more than 1,000 online merchants.  A native of France, David grew up in Paris and Geneva. At 23, he started his first company, GTN, which became one of the top three alternative carriers in Switzerland and was acquired by World Access in 2000. David first began learning how to become a technology entrepreneur at age 8, when he taught himself how to code on a PC."
"Mike oversees operations, including fulfillment and customer service for Stitch Fix. Mike joined Stitch Fix to build a world-class operation that provides a superior customer experience. Prior to Stitch Fix, Mike was COO at Walmart.com where he oversaw all operations for a $5 billion division, including allocation and planning, backend systems, order management, transportation, customer service, fulfillment, multichannel operations, fraud prevention and reverse logistics. Mike led one of the most successful multi-channel offerings in the industry -- Site to Store -- which drove as much as half of Walmart.com’s sales. Prior to Walmart, Mike worked in business and corporate development in software and consumer internet. Before turning to operations, he worked at Accenture and Morgan Stanley. Mike holds a B.A. from the University of Virginia and an M.B.A. from the Haas School at University of California, Berkeley."
"Jimmy Fallon is an American television host, comedian, and actor. He rose to fame as a cast member on _Saturday Night Live_ from 1998 to 2004. He currently hosts _Late Night With Jimmy Fallon_ and it was announced that he would replace Jay Leno as host of _The Tonight Show_ after the 2014 Winter Olympics. Source: [Hollywood Life](http://hollywoodlife.com/celeb/jimmy-fallon/)"
"Russ Wilson joined Microsoft in December 2014 as a Partner Director and Head of Design for Business Intelligence, a collection of features and services that enable you to visualize data, share discoveries, and collaborate in intuitive new ways. Prior to Microsoft, Russ was the founder and Director of IBM's Mobile Innovation Lab. The mission of the lab is to identify disruptive mobile technologies and trends and transform them into new products and solutions that deliver significant value to individuals and companies. Russ also served as the Head of Design for IBM’s Application and Integration Middleware business unit, providing design leadership for Websphere, MobileFirst, Pure, IoT, and SmarterProcess. As one of IBM’s new Design Executives, Russ helped to teach and evangelize design thinking throughout IBM, and influence a new era in software product development. Prior to IBM, Russ was the worldwide Senior Vice President of User Experience at CA Technologies where he led the development of an enterprise-wide design language and a common application platform. Russ joined CA as part of the acquisition of NetQoS, where Russell was one of the original executives. Russ is a serial entrepreneur, an experienced executive, and has proven success in both startups and large companies. His interests include approaches to innovation, user experience design, rapid prototyping, and team building."
"Jennifer Hyman is the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Rent the Runway, a fashion company with a technology soul that is disrupting the way women get dressed. In her role, she sets the strategic priorities of the business and leads the company in growing all areas of the business, including marketing, technology, product, and analytics. She co-founded Rent the Runway in 2009 with Jennifer Fleiss, and has since raised $126 million in venture capital, growing the business to over 6 million members, 950 employees and 400 designer brands. Jennifer has been honored with numerous recognitions including: Forbes' ""Women Entrepreneurs to Watch"", TriBeCa Film Festival’s “Disruptive Innovation Awards”, Fortune Magazine’s “Trailblazers, 11 People Changing Business in 2013,” “Most Powerful Women Entrepreneurs,” and “40 Under 40”; Inc. Magazine’s “30 Under 30”; and Fast Company’s “Most Influential Women in Technology.” She has been a featured speaker at Fortune Brainstorm Tech, the Forbes Women’s Summit, Tech Crunch Disrupt, and Marie Claire’s Power Trip, and has appeared as a guest on NBC’s Today Show, ABC’s Good Morning America, CBS This Morning, and CNN Money, among many others. In 2015, Jennifer launched the Rent the Runway Foundation with Jennifer Fleiss to inspire and ignite the next generation of female entrepreneurs. The foundation’s first initiative, in partnership with UBS, is Project Entrepreneur, a venture competition and educational program designed to provide women entrepreneurs nationwide with the tools to build high-growth, high-impact businesses. Prior to Rent the Runway, Jennifer was the Director of Business Development at IMG where she focused on the creation of new media businesses for IMG's Fashion Division. She also ran an online advertising sales team at WeddingChannel.com and was an in-house entrepreneur at Starwood Hotels, creating Starwood’s first wedding business which was recognized on the Oprah Winfrey Show for its innovation.   She received her BA from Harvard University and MBA from Harvard Business School.  Jennifer is a Bloomberg Fellow, a TechStars mentor, and a member of both the Entrepreneurship Board at the Fashion Institute of Technology and the Women in Business Board at Harvard University. She is an investor in and advisor to several high-growth startups throughout the U.S."
"Prior to establishing Wilshire Phoenix, Bill served for 10+ years at BNY Mellon in numerous roles across several global teams, most recently as Vice President of Dealing and Trading where he effectively managed a credit risk portfolio of over $10BB. Additionally, Bill led in the successful closing of 125+ transactions, collectively exceeding $50BB in new issuances. Throughout his tenure, he was honored with multiple awards and accolades for his contributions and achievements. Bill completed undergraduate studies at Clarion University and graduate studies at New York University. In addition to his responsibilities at Wilshire Phoenix, Bill is the Director of New York for the Hedge Fund Association (HFA) and proudly serves as a Member of the Board of Directors for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society (NMSS) Bill and/or Wilshire Phoenix have been featured in Forbes, MarketWatch, Bloomberg, CNN, Yahoo! Finance, Fortune among others."
"Mary Meeker joined Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers in December 2010. She focuses on investments in the firm’s digital practice and helps lead KPCB’s Digital Growth Funds, targeting high-growth Internet companies that have achieved rapid adoption and scale. Mary serves on the boards of Square, Lending Club and DocuSign and has been involved in KPCB’s investments in SoundCloud, LegalZoom, Spotify, Twitter, Instacart, NextDoor, Stance, slack, Bitstrips, Houzz, Affectiva, One Kings Lane, Trendyol and Jawbone. She also previously led KPCB’s investments in Waze (acquired by Google), JD.com (NASDAQ: JD), Groupon (NASDAQ: GRPN) and Facebook (NASDAQ: FB). From 1991 to 2010 she worked at Morgan Stanley and served as managing director and research analyst. Since beginning her career as a securities analyst in 1986, Mary has focused on discovering and understanding emerging technology trends, building relationships with visionary entrepreneurs and supporting category-defining companies during their critical phases of market adoption and growth. A prolific writer, Mary is the co-author of the industry-defining books The Internet Report (1995) and The Internet Advertising Report (1996). She is also the co-author of The Internet Retailing Report (1997), The Online Classified Advertising Report: It’s About Search/Find/Obtain (SFO) (2002), The China Internet Report (2004), The Mobile Internet Report (2009), and The Technology IPO Yearbooks. Beyond technology, Mary (and Liang Wu) created USA, Inc. (2011), an award winning, non-partisan report / video that looks at the U.S. government (and its financials) from a business perspective. Mary’s reports (including her annual Internet Trends presentations) are widely read around the world. While at Morgan Stanley, Mary covered emerging technology companies that have created more than 500,000 jobs over more than two decades and have increased their collective market value by more than $1.5 trillion dollars, as of September 2014. These companies include Activision, Adobe, Alibaba, Amazon.com, Apple, Dell, eBay, Electronic Arts, Google, Intuit, Microsoft, priceline.com and Yahoo!. Mary is credited with having a deep understanding of what makes businesses succeed and fail. Mary graduated from DePauw University with B.A. degree and received an M.B.A. from Cornell University and an Honorary Doctor of Letters degree from DePauw."
"Joe Gebbia is the co-founder and CPO of Airbnb, serving on the Board of Directors and Executive staff. An entrepreneur from an early age, Airbnb's groundbreaking service began in his San Francisco apartment and spread to 2,000,000 listings in over 191 countries, creating a new economy for thousands of people around the world. He is involved in crafting the company culture, shaping the design aesthetic, and innovating future growth opportunities. Joe has spoken globally about both entrepreneurship and design, and received numerous distinctions such as the Inc 30 under 30 and Fortune 40 under 40. His lifelong appreciation for art and design led him to the Rhode Island School of Design (RISD), where he earned dual degrees in Graphic Design and Industrial Design. Gebbia now serves on the institution's Board of Trustees."
"Clay is the visionary behind Galileo’s sophisticated payments platform and the company’s long list of innovations and industry firsts, including the Galileo Securities Solution, Galileo Money+ and Galileo Instant Issuing. Under his leadership, Galileo has developed the tech that powers the world’s leading fintechs, financial institutions and investment firms.  Clay’s love of technology started early and he spent his formative years hunkered down in high school and university computer labs in his native Oregon. He launched his professional career developing communications and operating systems for Sperry, IBM and Novell. In 1994 Clay founded I-Link, which developed Voice Over IP and the world’s first switchless voice network. As CEO, he took I-Link public and authored patents for VOIP. With his wife, Clay founded The Galileo Foundation, which provides opportunities for Galileo employees, clients, partners and their families to engage directly with people in Salt lake City, South America and Southeast Asia who are suffering from a lack of economic opportunity.  A dedicated humanitarian and environmentalist, Clay points to Galileo’s Core Values as the embodiment of what he believes as a business leader."
"Tim Armstrong is the CEO of Oath, a global digital and mobile company that reaches more than one billion consumers and partners with the world’s leading global brands. Oath’s mission is to “build brands people love,” and the company owns more than 50 media brands, including Yahoo, AOL, HuffPost, TechCrunch, Tumblr, as well as ad-tech and distribution platforms that support thousands of partners across the globe. Oath launched in June 2017 as a Verizon-owned company, following Verizon’s acquisition of AOL Inc. in 2015, where Armstrong was chairman and CEO. Prior to Oath and AOL, Armstrong spent almost a decade at Google, where he finished as president of the Americas and a member of the global operating committee.  Armstrong started in the media business after college by co-founding a newspaper in Boston and then moving to internet companies in Seattle, Silicon Valley and New York. These companies included Starwave (creators of ESPN.com, NFL.com, NBA.com), Disney Internet Ventures, Snowball (NYSE company), and America’s Health Network (acquired by News Corp).  Armstrong also co-founded and seed-funded Associated Content (acquired by Yahoo) and Patch (acquired by AOL). Armstrong serves on the boards of Priceline Group, Tech:NYC as co-founder, iDiverse as chairman, Greenwich Academy for Girls, Connecticut College Athletic Club as co-founder, Waterside School, and as a trustee for the US Olympic & Paralympic Foundation. He also serves as a loving husband and dad as well as lacrosse and basketball coach.  A Massachusetts native, Armstrong is an avid New England sports fan — he is part Camel (Connecticut College) and part Trojan (Lawrence Academy)."
"Jon Favreau is a director, producer, writer, and actor. He wrote, starred, and coproduced the indie film Swingers for Miramax. His directing credits include Made (2001), Elf (2003), Iron Man (2008), Iron Man 2 (2010), Chef (2014), the live-action remake of The Jungle Book (2016), and this year’s blockbuster reimagining of The Lion King. Favreau also serves as executive producer of the Avengers films. Most recently, Favreau reprised his role of Happy Hogan in Sony Pictures’ Spider-Man: Far From Home. He executive produced and directed the critically acclaimed The Chef Show with Roy Choi for Netflix. Currently, Favreau is writing and executive producing the live-action Star Wars series The Mandalorian for Disney+, which will premiere this November."
"Tony Robbins is an entrepreneur, best selling author, philanthropist, and the nations #1 Life and Business Strategist. A recognized authority on the psychology of leadership, negotiations and organizational turnaround, he has served as an advisor to leaders around the world for more than 39 years. Author of five internationally bestselling books, including the recent New York Times #1 best-seller MONEY: MASTER THE GAME, Mr. Robbins has empowered more than 50 million people from 100 countries through his audio, video and life training programs. He created the #1 personal and professional development program of all time, and more than 4 million people have attended his live seminars.   Mr. Robbins is the chairman of a holding company comprised of more than a dozen privately held businesses with combined sales exceeding $5 billion a year. He has been honored by Accenture as one of the ""Top 50 Business Intellectuals in the World""; by Harvard Business Press as one of the ""Top 200 Business Gurus""; and by American Express as one of the ""Top Six Business Leaders in the World"" to coach its entrepreneurial clients. Fortune’s recent cover article named him the “CEO Whisperer,” and he was most recently named in the top 50 of Worth Magazine’s 100 most powerful people in global finance.   In his mission to continually impact the lives of millions, Robbins has made headlines by partnering and lending his voice to disruptive companies in the financial services arena. His company America's Best 401k, a full service 401k solution, is making waves by providing free side-by-side fee comparisons to business owners to see just how much they are really paying in fees. They are also pioneering unique guaranteed income solutions for plan participants entering retirement. Mr. Robbins is also a major advocate for Portfolio CheckUp, a service that is disrupting the brokerage industry by providing a free online analysis of your investment accounts and then connecting you to a fee based fiduciary advisor that is required by law to put client's best interests first. He is also the founder of Global Accounting Advisors, which provides much needed outsourced CFO for small business owners in 8 countries around the world.   As a philanthropist, Mr. Robbins feeds 4 million people per year in 56 countries. He has also initiated programs in more than 1,500 schools, 700 prisons, and 50,000 service organizations and shelters. He provides fresh water to 100,000 people a day in India in order to fight the number one killer of children in that country-waterborne diseases. Last year he raised the stakes: In order to honor those who helped his family during tough times, he personally provided 59 million meals to people in the USA, and matched funds to feed 100 million in 2015 alone through his partnership from Feeding America"
"Deepak Chopra is the founder of the Company and has served as President, Chief Executive Officer, and a Director since the Company's inception in May 1987. Deepak has served as the Company's Chairman of the Board of Directors since February 1992. Deepak also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of several of the Company's major subsidiaries.  From 1976 to 1979 and from 1980 to 1987, Deepak held various positions with ILC, a publicly-held manufacturer of lighting products, including serving as Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chief Operating Officer of its United Detector Technology division.  Deepak has also held various positions with Intel Corporation, TRW Semiconductors, and RCA Semiconductors.  Deepak holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electronics from Punjab Engineering College in Chandigarh, Punjab, India and a Master of Science degree in Semiconductor Electronics from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst."
"Craig Fuller is the CEO and founder of FreightWaves, the leading provider of freight market data and analytics. Prior to starting FreightWaves, Craig was the CEO of TransCard, a provider of debit cards that was sold to US Bank in 2012. He also served as the founder of Xpress Direct, the largest provider of on-demand truckload services in North America, a division of US Xpress Enterprises. "
"Imran is General Partner at Token Daily Capital. He is a technology executive and an active angel investor. Imran was most recently Business Development Manager at Microsoft, who helped launch One Note for Education, Surface, and Hololens. He was a Partner at zk Capital and led investments into Dharma, Namebase. Previously worked at Comcast leading strategy for its enterprise unit."
"Robert joined Element in 2013. Prior to joining Element, Robert was an intern at Wells Fargo Advisors, where he assisted Wealth Managers managing over $1 billion in assets. At Element, Robert assists in deal sourcing and managing the firm's intermediary relationships. Robert earned a B.A. in Economics with a concentration in Public Policy from Kenyon College."
"Mary Barra is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of General Motors Company. Barra was elected Chairman of the GM Board of Directors on January 4, 2016, and has served as CEO of GM since January 15, 2014. Under Barra’s leadership, GM is working to lead the transformation of personal mobility through advanced technologies such as connectivity, electrification and autonomous driving.  Barra has also established a strategic direction based on putting the customer at the center of everything the company does, all around the world. Prior to being named CEO, Barra served as Executive Vice President, Global Product Development, Purchasing and Supply Chain since August 2013, and as Senior Vice President, Global Product Development since February 2011. In these roles, she was responsible for the design, engineering, program management and quality of GM vehicles around the world. Previously, Barra served as GM Vice President, Global Human Resources; Vice President, Global Manufacturing Engineering; Plant Manager, Detroit Hamtramck Assembly; Executive Director of Competitive Operations Engineering; and in several engineering and staff positions. In 1990, Barra graduated with a Masters in Business Administration from the Stanford Graduate School of Business after receiving a GM fellowship in 1988. Barra began her career with GM in 1980 as a General Motors Institute (Kettering University) co-op student at the Pontiac Motor Division. She graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering in 1985. Barra is a member of the General Dynamics Board of Directors. She serves on the Board of Directors of the Detroit Economic Club and as a member of The Business Council. She is also a member of the Stanford University Board of Trustees, the Stanford Graduate School of Business Advisory Council and the Board of Trustees for the Detroit Country Day School. In 2014, Barra and her husband, Tony, chaired the Detroit International Wine Auction, raising a record $2.4 million for scholarships and community arts programs through the College for Creative Studies. In 2012, they chaired the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute’s 30th annual dinner, which raised nearly $1.7 million for cancer research. In 2015, Barra was ranked first on Fortune magazine’s list of the “50 Most Powerful Women in Business.” In 2014, she was named to the Time 100 and Forbes magazine named her one of the “World’s 100 Most Powerful Women.”"

"Imran Khan is Senior Vice President of Consulting Services at JDA Software. He leads the company’s consulting organization globally, including a group focussed on delivery of strategy services to world-class retailers and manufactures.   Prior to JDA, Khan was responsible for world-wide Network Consulting at Hewlett Packard where he introduced a suite of network transformation services. Earlier Khan was Vice President of Global Services at 3Com Corporation, until its acquisition by HP. Previously he held numerous senior management, operational and finance positions in various services organizations.    Khan is a qualified accountant and holds a degree in Business & Finance from the University of Middlesex, United Kingdom."
"Wilbur Ross Jr is the chairman and chief executive officer of WL Ross & Co. LLC, a merchant banking firm, a position that he has held since April 2000. WL Ross & Co is part of Invesco Private Capital, a listed company, of which Ross is chairman.  As such, Ross is also the chairman and chief executive officer of several unlisted Invesco portfolio companies. Ross is the chairman of Ohizumi Manufacturing Company in Japan, International Textile Group and Diamond S Shipping, all of which are unlisted companies, and of the Japan Society and the Economics Studies Council of the Brookings Institution, which are non-profit entities. Wilbur L Ross is a director of International Automotive Components and Compagnie Européenne de Wagons SARL (Luxembourg), both non-listed companies, and also a director of the Yale School of Management and the Harvard Business School Dean’s Advisory Board.   He sits on the boards of Air Lease Corp., Assured Guaranty, BankUnited, EXCO Resources and Greenbrier, all NYSE-listed, and of PLASCAR, which is listed in Brazil. Ross holds an M.B.A. with distinction from Harvard University and an A.B. from Yale University."
"Ryan is known as a founding investor who takes on the riskiest sectors and business models. Undaunted by regulatory risk around antiquated gambling laws and convinced of a new generation of sports fans indoctrinated into the world of reality TV and experiential media, he was the first institutional investor in the United States to bet on and validate Daily Fantasy Sports and online gambling. In 2011 a small team of performance marketers at Vistaprint founded DraftKings; Ryan seeded the company with $500k and for the first two years of the company’s existence was its sole institutional investor. In 2013 Ryan brokered DraftKings’ landmark partnership with Major League Baseball, paving the way for the company to establish partnerships with every major professional league and a majority of professional teams in the US. He has structured every round of capital on DraftKings’ cap table since its founding, facilitating over $900M in fundraising despite significant regulatory headwinds. Today, DraftKings is operating the first legal online sportsbook in the US and has 11M active users on its platform that generate over $3B in entry fees and handle.   In 2012 Ryan was the founding investor in Plastiq, an online payments platform founded by Harvard undergrads. Payments is a legacy industry reluctant to change and fraught with regulatory barriers, but Ryan was undaunted by the risk of both the sector and first-time founders.  Since founding, Ryan sourced and facilitated each of the company’s fundraising rounds, most recently bringing in Kleiner Perkins and DST for a $27M financing. Plastiq process over $1B in transactions annually.   In 2013 Ryan was the founding investor in Crew, a design and development services marketplace. In 2017 he and the founders crafted and spun out Unsplash, the world’s largest photo sharing community built on the theme of decentralization of photos and visual content. Unsplash has outpaced both Shutterstock and Getty combined. In 2018, Ryan facilitated Unsplash’s $12M Series A with Bedrock Capital.   Ryan is a well-networked fundraiser. Most recently he sourced and structured financings at Currencycloud (Sapphire Ventures, Series C/D, $43M; Google Ventures, Series E) and Skillz (Telstra and Liberty Media, Series C, $17M; NFL and Wildcat, Series D, $35M). Before joining Atlas, he sourced and facilitated the sale of Enpocket to Nokia, WHERE to Paypal, and Vela Systems to Autodesk.   Ryan also sits on the board of MOO, Globoforce, and Secret Escapes, all of which generate over $100M in revenue annually. He graduated with an AB in economics from Princeton, where he captained the football team and served in the ROTC. He has three daughters under the age of 6."
"In 2014, Andrew McCollum became CEO at Philo, an entertainment-focused OTT streaming service that launched nationwide in November 2017. Before assuming the role of CEO, Andrew served on Philo’s board, mentored Philo’s co-founders, and was one of the company’s first investors.  Prior to Philo, Andrew was on the founding team of Facebook, and the social design of products has been a persistent interest. After Facebook, Andrew was an Entrepreneur in Residence at two of Philo’s investors, New Enterprise Associates (NEA) and Flybridge Partners. He continues to be an active early-stage angel investor and advisor."
"Meek Mill is a critically-acclaimed multi-platinum rapper, songwriter and entrepreneur that hails from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Meek Mill evolved from Philadelphia’s hottest underground rapper to one of the world’s preeminent musical artists, having released a slew of smash studio albums and singles, including “Ima Boss,” “Dreams and Nightmares (Intro),” “All Eyes on You,” and “Whatever You Need,” among many others. In October 2012, Mill announced the launch of his own label imprint, Dream Chasers, named after his mixtape series. In addition to serving as the CEO of Dream Chasers, Mill is also an activist who is devoted to reforming the criminal justice system in the United States. His controversial incarceration for technical probation violations in November 2017 spurred a nationwide movement to reform the criminal justice system and, upon his release, Mill vowed to use his public platform to generate change."
"Harvey Weinstein is a disgraced Hollywood film producer. In October 2017, following sexual abuse allegations against Weinstein, he was dismissed from his company and expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. By October 31, over 80 women had made allegations against Weinstein. The allegations sparked the #MeToo social media campaign and many similar sexual abuse allegations against and dismissals of powerful men around the world, now called the ""Weinstein effect"". On May 25, 2018, Weinstein was arrested in New York, charged with rape and other offenses, and released on bail."
"Mr. Li Ka-shing is the richest person of East Asian descent in the world and the 11th richest person in the world with an estimated wealth of US$26 billion (as estimated by Forbes).  His primary operating company is Hutchison Whampoa Limited.  Mr Li's younger son, Richard, is Chairman of PCCW, one of Asia's leading internet and telecommunications companies. Mr Li Ka-shing is the Chairman of Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited and Hutchison Whampoa Limited. Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited is the flagship of the Cheung Kong Group which has business operations in 54 countries around the world and employs about 240,000 staff. In Hong Kong alone, the Group includes nine listed companies with a combined market capitalization of approximately HKD600 billion (30 June 2009). Hutchison Whampoa Limited is a Fortune Global 500 company. Born in 1928 in Chiu Chow, a coastal city in the southeastern part of China, Mr Li fled to Hong Kong with his family to avoid the perils of war. His father suffered from tuberculosis and passed away in Hong Kong. Shouldering the responsibility of looking after the livelihood of the family, Mr Li was forced to leave school before the age of 15 and found a job in a plastics trading company where he labored 16 hours a day. By 1950, his hard work, prudence and his pursuit of excellence had enabled him to start his own company, Cheung Kong Industries. From manufacturing plastics, Mr Li led and developed his company into a leading real estate investment company in Hong Kong that was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1972. Cheung Kong continued to expand by acquiring Hutchison Whampoa and Hongkong Electric Holdings Limited in 1979 and 1985 respectively. Based in Hong Kong, the Cheung Kong Group's businesses encompass such diverse areas as property development and investment, real estate agency and estate management, hotels, telecommunications and e-commerce, finance and investments, retail, ports and related services, energy, infrastructure projects and materials, media, and biotechnology. Mr Li is a strong believer in synergy — the power of combined efforts. This belief is reflected in his naming his company Cheung Kong Holdings after the Yangtze River that flows through China, a great river that aggregates countless streams and tributaries. The Times in the United Kingdom and Ernst & Young UK jointly named Mr Li as the Entrepreneur of the Millennium at the turn of the century. http://www.hutchison-whampoa.com/eng/about/chairman/chairman.htm  30 June 2009"
"Co-Founder & COO of Bouu. Eric Alexander Morgera is a distinguished honors alumnus of Florida State University, graduate of Harvard Business School's leadership and management certification programs, and past Director with the American Red Cross. Eric also serves as a John S. & James L. Knight Foundation Scholar, supporting positive community growth and advising on investment priorities for the $2.4B charitable organization."
"Dwyane Tyrone Wade, Jr.  is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has established himself as one of the most well-known and popular players in the league. Wade had the top selling jersey in the NBA for nearly two years, leading the league in jersey sales from the 2005 NBA Playoffs, until the midpoint of the 2006–07 season. After entering the league as the fifth pick in the 2003 NBA Draft, Wade was named to the All-Rookie team and the All-Star team the following eleven seasons. In his third season, Wade led the Miami Heat to their first NBA championship in franchise history. He was named the 2006 NBA Finals MVP as the Heat won the series 4-2 over the Dallas Mavericks. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Wade led the United States men's basketball team, commonly known as the ""Redeem Team"", in scoring, and helped them capture gold medal honors in Beijing, China. In the 2008–09 season, Wade led the league in scoring and earned his first NBA scoring title. After LeBron James and Chris Bosh joined the Heat, Wade was part of Miami's second championship win in the 2012 NBA Finals, when Miami defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder. He won his third NBA championship in 2013, when the Heat defeated the San Antonio Spurs in the 2013 NBA Finals. In 2014, the Heat reached the Finals for the fourth consecutive year, but lost in five games to the San Antonio Spurs."
Tobi Lütke founded Shopify in 2004. He has served as the Chief Executive Officer since 2008. Tobi worked on the core team of the Ruby on Rails framework and has created many popular open source libraries such as Active Merchant.

"First Lady of the United States Melania Trump is the wife of President Donald J. Trump and the mother of Barron Trump. She is the second First Lady born outside of the United States, and she is the only First Lady to become a naturalized U.S. citizen.  In her role as First Lady, Mrs. Trump focuses her time on the many issues affecting children. An unwavering characteristic of the First Lady is her aptitude for showing love and compassion in all that she does. Mrs. Trump spends much of her time meeting with children who are patients at hospitals and care centers. Recently, she took valentines to the Children’s Inn at the National Institutes of Health and Cincinnati Children’s Hospital. Over the Easter holiday, she made a surprise visit to St. Mary’s Medical Center in Palm Beach, Florida, bringing Easter baskets to the children. Following the devastating hurricanes last year, Mrs. Trump visited Texas to meet with families that suffered greatly under Hurricane Harvey. In the wake of two horrendous mass shootings, Mrs. Trump traveled with her husband to Las Vegas and Parkland to be with the victims and families in their times of need. Internationally, Mrs. Trump has visited several hospitals and schools. One of her most memorable visits being at the Pediatric Hospital Bambino Gesu in the Vatican City, where she met a boy who had been waiting for a new heart. Upon arrival in Belgium the following day, Mrs. Trump learned that the hospital had found a transplant for the boy–Mrs. Trump celebrated the news in a press statement and said “my own heart is filled with joy over the news.” As First Lady, Mrs. Trump has made multiple visits to schools—both foreign and domestic. From participating in a Viking huddle class, which focuses on emotional learning at Orchard Lake Middle School in Michigan, to taking the Queen of Jordan to Washington, D.C.’s first public charter school for girls at Excel Academy in Southeast, Mrs. Trump is always bringing children to the forefront of her agenda. While traveling abroad, Mrs. Trump visited the American International School in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, with Education Minister Ahmed Al Eissa, and took a calligraphy lesson with local children at Kyobashi Tsukiji Elementary School with Mrs. Abe while visiting Japan. Earlier this spring, Mrs. Trump invited a group of local students to the White House so she could talk with them, hear their stories, and understand the issues they are challenged with today. Mrs. Trump addresses those issues each opportunity she gets. From Governors’ spouses’ luncheons to the United Nations General Assembly, Mrs. Trump puts the emphasis on children and how we can protect them, teach them, and empower them. In the midst of the opioid epidemic, Mrs. Trump has utilized her platform as First Lady to raise awareness about the dangers of opioid abuse—notably the devastating effects it has on infants and unborn babies. Mrs. Trump traveled to Huntington, West Virginia, where she visited Lily’s Place, the Nation’s first nonprofit infant recovery center that prioritizes the whole family to ensure infants born dependent on drugs are given the best opportunity to thrive. More recently, in February, Mrs. Trump traveled to Ohio to visit Cincinnati Children’s, a leading pediatric hospital where she learned more about the ongoing research around neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS)—a harmful result of drug abuse in pregnant mothers. Mrs. Trump has participated in multiple opioid summits and continues to work with the Administration on raising the awareness of opioid abuse and how we can better protect children from it. On May 7, Mrs. Trump launched BE BEST—an awareness campaign focused entirely around the well-being of children. The campaign has three pillars, which represent key areas of concern for Mrs. Trump: well-being, which includes the social and emotional health of children; social media, and understanding both the positive and negative effects it has on our children; and opioid abuse, and how to protect our most vulnerable from the effects of drug abuse while educating parents about the detrimental effects of opioids. After the launch, the First Lady is dedicated to carrying out her BE BEST campaign."

"David is a technologist, the founder of Unity Technologies, non-exec director to others, and a restless entrepreneur with a passion for creating feedback loops between innovation and teams and products, applying new and old business models to changing industries, and pushing people to do the very best they can do. David's background is in programming, an assortment of university dabbling, creating companies, and helping entrepreneurs. He served as CEO of Unity Technologies since co-founding it in 2003 and until October 2014, with an unflinching vision to democratize game development, and to develop technology and business models for the next phase of the games industry."
"Entrepreneur & investor in early-stage consumer / mobile tech.  Co-Founder at Sweet Capital (King founders fund), BetaAngels (Angel Investor Club), Mindshapes (Educational Games), Midnight Runners (Global Fitness Community) and myCrew (Social Network for Fitness)."
"Nita Ambani plays the role of Founder-Chairperson of Reliance Foundation, Chairperson of Dhirubhai Ambani International School (DAIS), co-owner of Mumbai Indians, first lady of Corporate India, an educationist, social worker and many more. Nita Ambani is often referred to as the 'Empress of India'. She grew up in the suburbs of Mumbai. Nita Ambani, daughter of a senior Birla executive, always had keen interest in Indian classical dance and wanted to pursue a career in dance. While her mother aspired for her to become a chartered accountant but she wanted to pursue a career in dance. Nita Ambani who holds qualifications as a teacher and an interior designer is a Commerce Graduate from Mumbai University. With motto, 'Dare to Dream. Learn to Excel,' Nita Ambani heads Indian as well as an international curriculum based school Dhirubhai Ambani International School. The school which was established after the name of Reliance Group founder, Dhirubhai Ambani aims to develop a new model for education at the school level in India. Neeta Ambani has been working tirelessly in order to raise the living standards of the underprivileged and needy as part of the Dhirubhai Ambani Foundation. She has supervised the development of villages around the Reliance projects personally along with taking a keen interest in the upliftment of people in the vicinity. Appreciating her phenomenal qualities of leadership, selfless service and innovative ideas, Nita Ambani was awarded with the Samaj Seva Vishwa Bhushan award. Nita Ambani is married to Reliance Industries Limited's chairman and MD Mukesh Ambani. She is a proud mother of a lovely beautiful daughter Isha, and two sons, Anant and Akash. Neeta Ambani, proud of the presence of compassionate streak in her kids, instils traditional Indian values in them. She believes that if her kids are anchored to such roots, it will resonate in their personality. Neeta Ambani strongly believes that service to humanity is service to God. And it is this very fundamental lesson that she imparts to her three children. In August 2016, she became the first Indian woman both to be nominated as a member of the Olympic committee and distribute medals at an Olympic ceremony. This is an unprecedented feat by the first lady of Indian business. Nita Ambani dons many hats as the Chairperson of DAIS, co-owner of Mumbai Indians, first lady of Corporate India, an educationist, social worker and many more. In June 2016, she became the first Indian woman to be nominated for membership to the International Olympic Committee.  Ms. Ambani has been nominated by the IOC Members Election Commission as they consider her to possess “different sets of skills and knowledge” and also believe that she will bring in “the necessary balance in terms of gender and geography.” She always values any initiative or institution that sprinkles hope and brings new spark and smiles to the lives of those who are not as blessed. For Nita Ambani, educating and empowering these children and embedding self-esteem in them, is a joy forever. Nita Ambani is sure of her role and confident of playing it to perfection. Nita Ambani is all set to assume fresh responsibilities on all levels. Nita is a definition of calmness. Wife, mother and businesswoman, are some of the many roles that India's first corporate lady dons 365 days a year. In January 2017,  Nita Ambani has become the first South Asian to receive an honour from the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York for her work in philanthropy, education and promoting the arts. Latest News -  In February 2017, Nita Ambani participated in the IPL auction along with her son Akash Ambani for her home team Mumbai Indians."
"Shravin is the Founder of Unbound and a Director of Bharti Global Ltd (Bharti family office). Unbound is a globally focused long term technology investment arm that aims to build and back technology companies. Select investments include Databricks, mPharma and FreightHub. Bharti Global has numerous investments in Telecommunications, Technology, Energy and Hospitality. Portfolio companies: Airtel, One Web, Delonex Energy, TriTon, mPharma, Hike and Hoxton Hotels. Previously, Shravin was an Investor at Softbank (2016-2017). Prior to that, Shravin was an Assistant Director at Better Capital (2014-2015), a Private Equity firm in London. Between 2010 to 2012 Shravin was the MD at Airtel in Africa and India. Prior to that he worked with J.P.Morgan in Investment Banking Covering TMT. Shravin has an MBA from Harvard Business School (Class 2014) and founded Airtel Rising Stars (a youth football initiative in Africa and India)."
"Kasper Rorsted was born in Aarhus, Denmark on February 24, 1962. He is a Danish citizen and graduated from the International Business School in Copenhagen and completed his studies with several executive courses at Harvard Business School, USA. He started his career in sales and marketing at the US high-tech companies Digital Equipment and Oracle, the first having been acquired by Compaq in 1998. From 1995 Kasper held different international management positions at Compaq and from 2001 was responsible as general manager for the company's Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA) business. In 2002 Compaq was merged with Hewlett Packard. Before Kasper left the company in 2004 he was Senior Vice President and General Manager at Hewlett Packard, where he last headed the EMEA business with more than 40,000 employees and sales of about 20 billion euros. In April 2005 Kasper joined Henkel as Executive Vice President Human Resources, Purchasing, Information Technologies and Infrastructure Services.From April 2007 Rorsted was Vice Chairman of the Henkel Management Board. In January 2016, it was announced that adidas AG, a German sportswear company, had appointed Kasper to its executive board, effective 1 August 2016, and as its chief executive officer, effective 1 October 2016, at which time Kasper will stand down as Chief Executive Officer of Henkel. Kasper serves on the board of Cable & Wireless plc,, Bertelsmann SE & Co., KGA and Danfoss A/S in Denmark."
"James recently relocated from London to join AirTree Ventures as a Partner, focusing on growth stage venture investments in Australia and New Zealand, particularly in enterprise software/SaaS, security, infrastructure/core tech and fintech. James is currently managing AirTree’s investments in Prospa, 90Seconds and Paxata.   Prior to AirTree, James was the Vice President of Accel Partners, investing in early stage and growth stage companies. James held board member or board observer for Accel’s investments in Weaveworks, Simplivity, Skipjaq, E8 Storage and Semmle. James also co-founded a SaaS investment research software platform aimed at investment management funds in San Francisco in 2011.   James holds an MBA from Stanford, and a Bachelors of Computer Science & Law from University of New South Wales. "
"Formerly COO of Skype, Michael Jackson is a General Partner at Mangrove Capital Partners. Active across all of Europe, Russia and Israel, Michael spends his time looking for investable projects and advising portfolio companies as they grow into significant operations. His professional life always involved scaling and operating large consumer focused communications businesses. From development of mobile telephone operations, through the roll out of Tele2 in Europe to 26 million customers, to creation and establishment of 9 MVNO operations in Europe, Michael hopped over to Chief Operations Officer role at Skype. Here, with special responsibility for all aspects of Skype's paid services, he led the organisation into 150 M euro plus within three years Michael keeps in touch with the grass roots of new technology by spending weekends at various European Bootcamp type events. Having led the Regulatory aspects of Skype concerning the transition of telecommunications to Peer to Peer models on the net, the natural next step is virtual money. Here both legislation and product need to adopt to fit the new world. Michael participates in various Bitcoin regulatory forum. "
"Ted Sarandos has led content acquisition for Netflix since 2000. With more than 20 years' experience in home entertainment, Ted is recognized in the industry as an innovator in film acquisition and distribution. Before Netflix, Ted was an executive at video distributor ETD and Video City / West Coast Video. He also serves on the Film Advisory Board for Tribeca and Los Angeles Film Festival, the retail advisory board for the Digital Entertainment Group and is a Henry Crown Fellow at the Aspen Institute. Ted is married to U.S. Ambassador Nicole Avant and has two children."
"Prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer in October 2016, Nicolas oversaw BlaBlaCar’s global operations and international growth as Chief Operating Officer since 2011. He led the company’s corporate development, overseeing eight acquisitions, expansion to twenty markets, and three successive rounds of fundraising. Nicolas is a strong advocate of agile structures that allow quick iterations in fast-growing environments. He is also a supporter of autonomous local teams and acqui-hires, a strategy he implemented to expand BlaBlaCar’s footprint on a global scale. Nicolas is a regular speaker at leading international conferences and in the media, where he comments on the European startup scene, innovative growth strategies, and mobility. Prior to joining BlaBlaCar, Nicolas worked for several startups in Silicon Valley during the dotcom boom, before moving on to executive and investor roles, including spending time as a Venture Capitalist at Amadeus Capital Partners in London. He holds an MBA from INSEAD, a Masters in Optics from Ecole Supérieure d’Optique and a Masters in Applied Physics from Paris XI University. Nicolas is also an active angel investor and tweets @nbrusson. Nicolas holds an MBA from INSEAD, an MSc in Optics from the Ecole Superieure d’Optique and an MSc in Applied Physics from Paris XI University."
"Elton Hercules John, CBE, is one of the most highly acclaimed and successful solo artists of all time. He has achieved 38 gold and 31 platinum or multi-platinum albums, has sold more than 250 million records worldwide, and holds the record for the biggest selling single of all time. Since launching his first tour in 1970, Elton has over 4,000 performances in more than 80 countries to his credit."
"Anthony Casalena is the Founder and CEO of Squarespace, which he started from his dorm room in 2003. During the company’s early years, Anthony acted as the sole engineer, designer, and support representative for the entire Squarespace platform, allowing for it to be a stable business from the outset. In addition to his main responsibilities in running the company and setting overall product strategy, he remains actively involved in the engineering, design, and product teams within the organization. Anthony holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from the University of Maryland."
"Dara Khosrowshahi is the CEO of Uber, where he manages the company’s fast-growing business in 65 countries around the world and leads a global team of more than 16,000 employees. Dara was previously CEO of Expedia, where he grew the company into one of the world’s largest online travel companies. A seasoned executive with a background in both engineering and finance, Dara oversaw a number of acquisitions that bolstered Expedia’s offerings and aggressively invested in mobile, which now accounts for more than half of Expedia’s traffic. He was also beloved by Expedia’s employees and named the Highest Rated CEO on Glassdoor. Dara was promoted to Expedia CEO after serving as the Chief Financial Officer of IAC Travel, a division of IAC, which purchased Expedia in 2001 and spun it off in 2015. He was also instrumental in the expansion of IAC’s portfolio of travel brands. Before joining IAC, Dara served as Vice President of Allen & Company and spent a number of years as an analyst. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Expedia and was previously on the Board of the New York Times Company. He’s a passionate advocate for refugees in crisis around the world, having himself left Iran during the Iranian revolution at the age of nine. Dara grew up in Tarrytown, New York, and received his bachelor’s degree in engineering from Brown University."
"Trevor Noah is the most successful comedian in Africa. He was recently chosen to become the next host of the Emmy and Peabody Award-winning ""The Daily Show"" on Comedy Central, currently hosted by Jon Stewart. Noah joined ""The Daily Show with Jon Stewart"" in 2014 as a contributor. Born in South Africa to a black South African mother and a white European father, Noah has hosted numerous television shows including South Africa's music, television and film awards, the South African Comedy Festival and two seasons of his own late night talk show, ""Tonight with Trevor Noah."" He made his U.S. television debut in 2012 on ""The Tonight Show with Jay Leno"" and has also appeared on Late Show with David Letterman, becoming the first South African stand-up comedian to appear on either late night show. Noah's one-man show ""The Racist"" at the 2012 Edinburgh Fringe was a sold out run that became one of the most talked about shows at the Festival that year. That same year, Noah was the subject of David Paul Meyer's award-winning documentary film You Laugh But It's True which tells the story of his remarkable career in post-apartheid South Africa. His Showtime comedy special, ""Trevor Noah: African American"" premiered in 2013. Recently, Noah performed for the Royal Family at the Royal Variety Performance. Noah was featured on the October 2014 cover of GQ South Africa and has been profiled in Rolling Stone, Newsweek and The Wall Street Journal, and by CNN and NPR's Talk of the Nation. He was nominated for ""Personality of the Year"" at the 2014 MTV Africa Music Awards."
"Martin is recognised as a seasoned Technology, Media and Telecoms (TMT) entrepreneur, and was awarded North West Entrepreneur of the Year in 2002. He has started, sold, and listed numerous businesses. His first business was sold to IPC Magazines in 1982. Following three years with IPC he left to set up his own publishing and telecoms business, this was subsequently sold to Scottish Power plc. During his time with Scottish Power he joined their subsidiary Scottish Telecom, as Managing Director of their Internet and Interactive division, including Internet ISP Demon Internet. Following the flotation of Thus plc (formerly Scottish Telecom) he left to start Monstermob, a company he went on to list on AIM in 2003; growing it to a Top 50 AIM listed business. Monstermob Group plc was sold to Zed Worldwide in 2006. Martin has subsequently founded Cityblock plc, a luxury student accommodation business, and NetPlayTV plc, an interactive TV gaming business where he formed exclusive partnerships with Virgin Media, Channel Five, and ITV. Martin has held Non-Executive Director positions with Legend plc, Cupid plc and CMG Media. Martin is the Founding Partner at M Capital Investment Partners. Formed in 2010, M Capital Investment Partners manages multiple real estate investments across the UK, with a focus on delivering above average returns for investment cash with minimal risk. He also holds the position of Non Executive Director at Digitalbox Group - which was listed in The Sunday Times HISCOX Tech Track 100 in 2015 and 2016, placing it amongst Britain's top 100 fastest growing private tech companies, and is Co-founder & Chief Executive Officer at Immotion Group Plc - an award-winning animation and multi-directional motion platforms to deliver mind-blowing immersive VR experiences.  "
"Bill Malloy , http://swayvc.com/about/bill-malloy/, is a founding General Partner at Sway Ventures, where he is focused on IT software investing, hands-on operational support, and building the strategic ecosystem between the US and EMEA. His responsibilities focused on strategy and go-to-market plans for new product development. Bill Malloy  is an innovative financier and technologist with a record of successfully investing in inefficient markets. He currently holds board positions in a number of Sway Ventures portfolio companies including Locoroll, EVRYTHNG, Tally, Penrose Studios, Le Tote, Zanbato, Mocana, HyTrust, LiveAction, and Addepar. Bill Malloy gained his venture capital experience at DFJ – Zone Ventures by working with companies on elements of strategy, operational issues and financial structuring. Bill Malloy also devoted significant time to potential new investments between Silicon Valley and Southern California. His background in business development and product management includes five years of service to Listen.com (sold to Real Networks, a $1.3 billion company) and MusicMatch (sold to Yahoo, a $38 billion company). Bill Malloy balances a number of philanthropic positions, currently serving as trustee of the Malloy Foundation as well as Co-Founder of the PEERS Network. He previously served as a board member and treasurer for the Equinox Center. He holds a MBA from the University of Southern California and an undergraduate degree in Engineering from Clemson University."
"Larry Robbins is the Founder, Portfolio Manager and CEO of Glenview Capital Management, a $7.3B hedge fund in its 13th year of operation.  Glenview is focused on delivering attractive absolute returns through an intense focus on deep fundamental research and individual security selection.  Headquartered in New York City with a research office in London, Glenview has 75 employees, including 36 investment professionals.   Prior to founding Glenview, Larry spent six years as an analyst and partner at Omega Advisors on their US equity long/short team.   He joined Omega after three years at Gleacher & Company, a merger and advisory boutique in New York.   Larry graduated with honors from the Wharton School and Moore School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1992, where he received his Bachelors of Science in Economics and Engineering, with majors in accounting, finance, marketing, and systems engineering.  Larry became a Certified Public Accountant in 1991 in his then home state of Illinois.   Outside of Glenview, Larry is an active supporter of education reform both in New York City and on the national level.  He serves as Chairman of the Board for KIPP New York and the Relay Graduate School of Education.  He is a Board Member and the Education Committee Chair of the Robin Hood Foundation.  He is a Board Member of Teach for America (New York).  Larry is the Wall Street and Financial Services Division Chair of the UJA."
"Stuart Varney joined FOX Business Network (FBN) as an anchor in 2007 and is the host of Varney & Company (weekdays 11 AM-1 PM/ET).  Varney also serves as a business contributor and substitute host for FOX News Channel's (FNC) ""Your World with Neil Cavuto."" Since joining FNC's business team in 2004, Varney has contributed to the network's weekday and weekend business programming including: ""Your World with Neil Cavuto,"" ""Bulls & Bears,"" ""Cavuto on Business"" and ""Cashin' In."" Prior to joining FNC, Varney served as the host of CNBC's ""Wall Street Journal Editorial Board with Stuart Varney."" Before that, he was a co-anchor of CNN's ""Moneyline News Hour."" Varney helped launch CNN's business news team in 1980 and hosted many of their financial programs including, ""Your Money,"" ""Business Day"" and ""Business Asia."" His reporting and analysis of the stock market crash of 1987 helped earn CNN a Peabody Award for excellence in journalism. A graduate of the London School of Economics, Varney began his broadcast journalism career as a business anchor for KEMO-TV in San Francisco."
"A native of Wichita Falls, Texas, Rex Tillerson earned a bachelor of science degree in civil engineering at the University of Texas at Austin before joining Exxon Company, U.S.A. in 1975 as a production engineer. In 1989, he became general manager of Exxon Company U.S.A.’s central production division, responsible for oil and gas production operations throughout a large portion of Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Kansas. In 1992, Rex Tillerson was named production advisor to Exxon Corporation. Three years later he was named president of Exxon Yemen Inc. and Esso Exploration and Production Khorat Inc., and in January 1998 became vice president of Exxon Ventures (CIS) Inc. and president of Exxon Neftegas Limited. In those roles, he was responsible for Exxon’s holdings in Russia and the Caspian Sea as well as the Sakhalin I consortium operations offshore Sakhalin Island, Russia. In December 1999, he became executive vice president of ExxonMobil Development Company. Rex Tillerson was named senior vice president of Exxon Mobil Corporation in August 2001, and was elected president of the corporation and member of the board of directors on March 1, 2004. He assumed his current position on January 1, 2006. Rex Tillerson is a member of the executive committee and a former chairman of the American Petroleum Institute. He is also a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers and a trustee of the Center for Strategic and International Studies.  He is a member of the National Petroleum Council, a member of the Business Roundtable, a member of the Business Council, an honorary trustee of the Business Council for International Understanding, and a member of the Emergency Committee for American Trade.  In 2013, Mr. Tillerson was elected to the National Academy of Engineering. Rex Tillerson is the vice-chairman of the Ford’s Theatre Society, immediate past national president of the Boy Scouts of America, and a former director of the United Negro College Fund. He is also a member of the Chancellor’s Council, Development Board and the Engineering Advisory Board for the University of Texas at Austin, where he was named a distinguished alumnus in 2007. In 2011, he received an honorary doctorate engineering degree from the Worcester Polytechnic Institute. In 2013, he was awarded the Order of Friendship by Vladimir Putin, president of the Russian Federation."
"Harry is the Founder of The Twenty Minute VC, the world's largest independent venture capital podcast with over 100,000 listeners, partnerships with Mattermark and ProductHunt and guests from over 200VCs including the likes of Accel, Kleiner, Y Combinator, Benchmark and Index. He is also a contributor for TechCrunch covering all things startups and VC funding and has recently joined Jason Lemkin at Saastr to build out the platform and expand into new verticals."
Pierre Trudeau is Founder at Colubris Networks.
"Divya Gokulnath is the Co-Founder at BYJU’S, the World’s most valued Edtech company. Her love for teaching has driven her to play a major role in the academic team. She won the Business Today Most Powerful Women in Business-2019. She leads large teams across Branding, User Experience & Content. BYJU'S has 35 million registered students on its platform from grades 1-12 as of June 2019. It has recently launched  an early learning program for grades 1-3 in collaboration with Disney."
"Jeff Fagnan is a founder and managing partner of Accomplice, the most successful and active and early stage venture capital firm in New England. Jeff is known as a founding investor with a long-term, patient capital approach to building companies alongside mission-oriented founders and CEOs. He is one of the industry’s foremost early stage investors and has arguably the most comprehensive security portfolio in venture today. Jeff began his career in venture capital at Seed Capital Partners in 2004, where he focused on commercializing technology out of MIT and Harvard. He joined Atlas Venture’s tech team in 2006 and personally led the charge to reinvent the firm from a dated, struggling brand with 12 global offices to a single headquarters in Cambridge/Boston, MA. He committed to building a thriving tech and venture community in New England when most firms looked westward or refused to reinvent themselves in a contemporary manner. Jeff led this leaner Atlas Venture, raised a new fund through the financial crisis of 2008, and built it into the top early stage firm on the East Coast, a firm that CB Insights went on to describe in 2014 as “Tom Brady, David Ortiz, and Atlas Venture – the hometown heroes of Boston."" Jeff was the most influential person behind the reemergence of the Boston tech ecosystem. Over the next 10 years Jeff pioneered and tweaked the seed-led strategy and have been doing it longer than any other venture firm. In 2015, he co-founded and spun Accomplice out of Atlas as a new firm. Accomplice is now the aspirational venture firm in New England, not through sheer force of capital, but through network, community, and empowerment of entrepreneurs. Dan Primack of Fortune and Axios said in 2017, ""When people ask me to name the most important venture capital firm in Boston, my answer is always the same: Accomplice."" Jeff crafted the concept of venture as an API  and strengthened the angel investor substrate in Boston and beyond, creating more open source and community-fueled initiatives than anyone else in history of venture. These initiatives include: Spearhead (founded 2018), fundamentally altering the framework of of venture capital scout programs by giving promising founders their own funds and mentorship to start angel investing. Jeff co-founded Spearhead with AngelList’s Naval Ravikant in 2018. Spearhead provides founders with $200k of investable capital to start and up to $1M total. Spearhead cohort one had over 1500 founders apply for a coveted 20 spots.  Spearhead is on its second cohort and the leads so far have invested in more than 75 companies. Maiden Lane (founded 2013), the first online venture fund built on the AngelList platform, backing angels and interesting companies through AngelList's Syndicates product. Maiden Lane co-founders Jeff and Naval Ravikant sourced and diligenced all of the syndicate leads and approved all of their individual investments in the portfolio, which included Cruise Automation, earn.com, Sapho, Ticketbis, Branch Metrics, Cabify, Carta, Checkr, ClearTax, Dia&Co, OpenDoor, Poshmark, Postmates, uBiome, Wag, WeFox, and Zymergen. Boston Syndicates (BOSS) (founded 2014), the first syndicate on AngelList and a movement to turn successful founders and operators into serial angel investors and boost angel activity in Boston. BOSS has backed local Boston angels in 60 pre-seed companies since its inception. Rev Boston (founded 2015), an exclusive network, event, and award for the top 20 female operators in Boston tech to help break down their barriers to entry around angel investing, VC, executive teams, board membership, and founding companies. TUGG (founded 2009), the community engagement platform that connects New England tech entrepreneurs with the riskiest social enterprises serving local under-resourced youth.   TUGG has catalyzed over 20 social innovation projects in New England including Resilient Coders, InnerCity Weightlifting, and Catie’s Closet. Accomplice Blockchain Capital (ABC) (founded 2018), a separate vehicle for investing in nascent blockchain technologies. The four-person team has invested in over 12 projects including Coda, BisonTrails, Near, and Ontology. The portfolio is valued at 4x despite the recent market correction.   Primack said in 2017 that Jeff and Atlas “has been laser-focused on fostering a local tech ecosystem that badly needed a catalyst. It also has been a major player in terms of local philanthropy, via its creation of TUGG."""
"Thibaud Elzière founded Fotolia (acquired by Adobe) and eFounders. eFounders partners up with founders and brings them their operational expertise to build the first version of the product and acquire the first customers. Since 2011, the Paris-based startup studio has launched 22 companies: their small team of 15 is behind major success-stories in SaaS including Front, Aircall and Spendesk, with more in the works. Their mission is to invent the tools of tomorrow and inspire new ways of working, with a keen product sense and bottom-up approach to driving growth.  Thibaud is also an active business angel, with over 100 investments in seed stage startups including Algolia, Payfit, Notion, Meero, and Virtuo."
"John Zimmer is the co-founder and President of Lyft, the on-demand ridesharing platform, that was founded in 2007 with Zimride as its first of two products built to create a more social, sustainable and affordable transportation system.  John’s interest in peer-to-peer transportation began at Cornell’s School of Hotel Administration. Upon learning that only 20% of seats in cars on highways are occupied, he began working on ways to use existing information infrastructures to solve the problem of unused empty seats. After graduating first in his class, John spent two years at Lehman Brothers before (luckily) leaving to rideshare his way from New York to San Francisco to join co-founder Logan Green in launching Zimride.  John was recognized in 2009 as one of Businessweek's Top 25 Entrepreneurs Under 25, and has spoken at top tier events such as SXSW, The Association for Commuter Transportation (ACT) International Conference and Stanford Business School.  With Lyft, John hopes to fix the current state of transportation across the country, and eventually around the world, to make cities safer, more affordable and better connected. Since unveiling the product in June 2012, Lyft has quickly become one of the fastest-growing tech companies with more than $80 million raised from leading investors Andreessen Horowitz and Founders Fund and has been featured in The Economist, the New York Times and on NBC’s TODAY Show. Lyft is currently available in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Seattle, San Diego, Chicago, Boston and Washington, D.C., with more than a million rides shared on the platform to date."
"Mark Parker, 57, has been President and Chief Executive Officer and a director since 2006. He has been employed by NIKE since 1979 with primary responsibilities in product research, design and development, marketing, and brand management. Mark Parker was appointed divisional Vice President in charge of development in 1987, corporate Vice President in 1989, General Manager in 1993, Vice President of Global Footwear in 1998, and President of the NIKE Brand in 2001. In addition to helping lead the continued growth of the Nike brand, Parker is responsible for the growth of NIKE, Inc.'s global business portfolio, which includes Converse Inc., and Hurley International LLC."
"Chris Dixon is a general partner at Andreessen Horowitz and co-leads its $350M crypto fund. Previously, Chris was the cofounder and CEO of two startups, SiteAdvisor and Hunch. SiteAdvisor was an internet security company that warned web users of security threats. The company was acquired by McAfee in 2006. Hunch was a recommendation technology company that was acquired by eBay in 2011. Chris has been a prolific seed investor, cofounding Founder Collective, a seed venture fund, and making a number of personal angel investments in various technology companies. Chris started programming as a kid, and was a professional programmer after college at the high-speed options trading firm, Arbitrade. He has a BA and MA in Philosophy from Columbia and an MBA from Harvard. He has written about his theories and experiences as an entrepreneur and investor on Medium, and before that at cdixon.org; his a16z Podcast appearances can be found at https://a16z.com/author/chris-dixon/"
"1988, degree (Hons) in Politics, Philosophy and Economics, University of Oxford. 1988-92, Head, Political Section, Conservative Research Department; 1992-93, Special Adviser to Chancellor of the Exchequer; 1993-94, Special Adviser to Home Secretary; 1994-2001, Director, Corporate Affairs, Carlton Communications; 2001, UK Member of Parliament for Witney; 2003, Shadow Deputy Leader, House of Commons; Deputy Chairman, Conservative Party; 2004, Spokesman, Local Government Finance; Head of Policy Coordination; 2005, Shadow Secretary of State, Education and Skills; since 2005, Leader, Conservative Party, UK. Since May 2010, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland."

"John leads NEO Global Development in Seattle, WA, with a focus on the developer experience and tools. Previously he built and successfully exited two Machine Learning start-ups. Earlier in his career at Microsoft, John incubated and built Microsoft Digital from zero to $0.5B in revenue, and he led Architecture, Product, and Developer Engagement for the .NET platform v1. He has published a number of books on Software Architecture, and is currently working on a book on Decentralized Systems."
"CEO of Coinhouse, a Paris-based Blockchain startup and a seasoned Venture Capital investor (Sofinnova, Serena Capital, Société Générale Private Equity and Ecomobilité Venture). Founder of Keya Capital, a consulting company which advises large Corporate in their CVC and Corporate Innovation activities. As a Partner in VC fund, he invested in - Dataiku (colead, Series A) - FinalCad (lead, Series A) - Lengow (lead, Series B) - Ouicar (sold to SNCF) (lead, Seed and Series A), - Solutions30 (IPO), (lead, Series B) - TR Com (sold to Bull) (colead, Seed) - Sensitive Objects (sold to Tyco Electronics) (lead, Seed and Series A, B) - and 15+ other companies... He has also personally invested in several companies : Ledger (seed, Series), Assoconnect (Seed), Zeenea (Seed), Atria Gestion (seed)  Skills: - Entrepreneurship, company management, business development - Venture Capital investment (seed to growth capital) in Tech sectors (software, AI, tech, smart cities, telecom, retail) in Europe - Fund management and creation - Corporate Finance (fund raising, build up, merger, acquisition) - Corporate Strategy (business model, growth strategic plan, competitive positioning)"
"John Williams is a part of the leadership team for BBC Advertising. Based in Singapore, he is currently overseeing all BBC Advertising strategic and commercial activity across the BBC portfolio for ASEAN & South Asia markets. This includes television, online, mobile and video products across World News, BBC.com, Mobile, World Service digital & BBC Worldwide Channels. John relocated to Singapore from New York in Sept 2014, where he had been VP, International Advertising for BBC Worldwide Americas. Previous to this position he was Regional Advertising Director, Australia, NZ, Korea & Japan for BBC Advertising, based in Sydney. Prior to working in Australia, John was based at the BBC Advertising HQ in London, where he was Regional Advertising Director, CEEMA (Central & Eastern Europe, Mediterranean & Africa). John joined the BBC in January 2001 Johns career in media spans 25 years and 5 continents. Prior to the BBC he worked in the UK for ITV (Thames Television), Ogilvy & Mather Media, Omnicom’s MGOMD, Virgin Radio and Sports.com (a dot.com start up) after which he took a sabbatical to undertake the 2000/2001 Round-The- World Clipper Yacht Race. In August 2014, John was appointed to the position of Vice President, South East Asia & South Asia reporting into Alistair McEwan, SVP Advertising Sales, Asia. In his spare time John enjoys playing (& watching) lots of sport, travelling & spending time with his family & friends. He doesn’t enjoy DIY."
"Narendra Modi is the 15th and current Prime Minister of India. He is an Indian politician, representing the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the former Chief Minister of Gujarat. He has held the office since 2001 and has been successfully re-elected three times. Narendra Modi is a member of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and is a controversial figure domestically and internationally; his administration was criticized for its failure to prevent the 2002 Gujarat riots. As an author, Shri Modi has penned several books and articles on social, cultural, philosophical and spiritual issues in Gujarati, Hindi, English and Marathi. He holds a master’s degree in political science."
"Ryan Seacrest holds preeminent positions in broadcast and cable television, nationally syndicated radio and local radio as a host and producer. Seacrest is also an entrepreneur, investing in media and entertainment companies.  His philanthropic efforts are focused on youth-oriented initiatives, including serving as Chairman of The Ryan Seacrest Foundation and Honorary Chair of the Grammy Foundation."
"Boris Ivanov is the Founder and Managing Director of GPB Global Resources B.V., an exploration & production company working in South America, Africa, and the Middle East. Following a successful career as a diplomat at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the USSR, Ivanov went into industry in 1993, working as a VP at Unibest bank between 1993 and 2000."
"Robert Kraft is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Kraft Group, a diversified holding company with assets in paper and packaging, sports and entertainment, real estate development and a private equity portfolio. His best-known holdings are the National Football League's New England Patriots and Major League Soccer's New England Revolution, as well as the stadium where they play, Gillette Stadium. He is also currently on the Board of Directors of Viacom and the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, and serves as a trustee of Boston College and as a trustee emeritus of his alma mater, Columbia University."
"Jessica Alba is a Golden Globe-nominated actress whose career includes roles in films such as ""Fantastic Four"" and ""Little Fockers,"" as well as television series like ""Dark Angel,"" ""The Office"" and ""Entourage."" The California native comes from modest beginnings, and never lost her zeal to share her good fortune with others. She is actively involved with charities such as Safer Chemicals Healthy Families, ONE, Habitat for Humanity, Project HOME and more.  But, there is one role she enjoys above all others: Mom. ""Being a mom is the most profound experience I've ever had,"" she says. As a mother of two young daughters (Honor and Haven) and a son (Hayes), Jessica admits she feels an intense responsibility to give her children the best possible start."
"Jordan is a Founding Partner of Sinai Ventures. Jordan previously created and managed a venture capital portfolio for Eagle Advisors, which is now managed by Sinai Ventures. He is based in Los Angeles."
"Daniel Zhang joined Alibaba Group in 2007 and was named chief executive officer in May 2015. He serves on Alibaba Group’s board of directors and is chairman of Cainiao Network, a founding member of the Alibaba Partnership and a member of Ant Financial’s investment committee. Over the years, Daniel has held top management positions across the organization, most recently serving as chief operating officer. In this role, Daniel oversaw the operations of all Alibaba Group businesses in China and internationally. He led the company’s ongoing transition to mobile and built Cainiao Network, a comprehensive global logistics network. Daniel also leads several of Alibaba Group’s strategic investments, including Haier, Intime Retail and Singapore Post. Daniel first joined the company as chief financial officer of Taobao Marketplace in August 2007. In 2008, he was appointed chief operating officer of Taobao Marketplace and general manager of Taobao Mall. Under Daniel’s leadership, Taobao Mall rapidly became one of Alibaba Group’s most important businesses. When Taobao Mall was rebranded as Tmall and became an independent business unit, Daniel was named president of Tmall. Daniel was the key architect of 11.11, Alibaba Group’s annual signature event on November 11. Daniel is the chairman of Sun Art, a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange. He also serves on the board of Weibo, a company listed on NYSE. Before joining Alibaba Group, Daniel served as chief financial officer of Shanda Interactive Entertainment Limited, an online game developer and operator then listed on NASDAQ. Prior to that he was a senior executive of PricewaterhouseCoopers’ Audit and Business Advisory Division in Shanghai. Daniel received a bachelor’s degree in finance from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics."
"Born in Govan, Glasgow in 1941, Sir Alex Ferguson retired as manager of Manchester United in May 2013 following a period of over 26 years at the helm. Over the course of a management career that lasted 39 years, he won 49 major trophies, making him the most successful manager in the history of British football. He made his name with Aberdeen, who became the first club to consistently break the Old Firm dominance of the Scottish game, winning 9 domestic trophies over a 6 year period. But it was victory over Real Madrid in the European Cup-Winners Cup Final in 1983 that brought him to national attention. Following his move to Manchester United in 1986, he set about restructuring the club and his first trophy in 1990 opened the floodgates. In 2001 he became the first manager to win three championships in a row since the league began in 1888, a feat he repeated in 2009. Admired for placing his emphasis on attacking football, with homegrown talent at the heart of his teams, he bowed out as league champion following his 1,500th game in charge of Manchester United.  In 2012, Harvard Business School wrote the case study “Sir Alex Ferguson: Managing Manchester United” before appointing him as a Fellow to the Executive Education Programme. Following his retirement in 2013 he took up the positions of both Director and Global Ambassador with Manchester United and was also appointed Coaching Ambassador by UEFA. In the same year he released ""My Autobiography""​ which became the UK's quickest selling non-fiction book since records began. This work was a follow-up to his first best-selling memoir, ""Managing My Life"", which appeared in 1999. His new book ‘Leading’, written with Sir Michael Moritz, details the key skills and philosophies he used to deliver success both on and off the field and will be released in September 2015."
"Bret Taylor is currently Founder and CEO of [Quip](/organization/quip) and was formerly the CTO of [Facebook](/organization/facebook).   He joined Facebook as the head of platform in August 2009, after serving as the co-founder and CEO of the social network aggregator [FriendFeed](/organization/friendfeed).  He most recently worked as an Entrepreneur in Residence at [Benchmark Capital](/financial-organization/benchmark-capital), where he began to develop FriendFeed with [Jim Norris](/person/jim-norris). During his four years at [Google](/organization/google), he led more than 25 successful product launches, including [Google Maps](/product/google-maps), Google Local, [Google Web Toolkit](http://www.crunchbase.com/product/google-web-toolkit), the Google Maps API, and Google's Developer product group.  In 2006 he received the highest honor given to a Google Employee, the Founders' Award, in recognition of his contributions."
"Doug McMillon is the president and chief executive officer of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (Walmart). As CEO, Doug leads a strong management team that is working to deliver Walmart’s mission of “saving people money so they can live better.”  Under his leadership, Walmart is bringing together its stores, logistics network and digital commerce capabilities in new ways to empower customers to shop whenever, wherever and however they want. From February 2009 to February 2014, Doug served as president and chief executive officer of Walmart International, a fast-growing segment of Walmart’s overall operations, with more than 6,400 stores and nearly 800,000 associates in 26 countries outside the United States. From 2006 to 2009, he served as president and chief executive officer of Sam’s Club, an operating segment of Walmart, with sales of more than $46 billion annually during his tenure. Doug is a longtime champion of Walmart’s customers, its associates and the company’s culture. In 1984, he started out as an hourly summer associate in a Walmart distribution center. In 1990, while pursuing his MBA, he rejoined the company as an assistant manager in a Tulsa, Okla., Walmart store before moving to merchandising as a buyer trainee. He went on to serve in successful senior leadership roles in all of Walmart’s business segments.  He remains a merchant at heart and understands where customers around the world are heading next. Doug serves on the boards of directors for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., the Consumer Goods Forum, the U.S.-China Business Council and Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art. He also serves on the advisory board of the Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management in Beijing, China; the executive committee of Business Roundtable; and the Dean’s Advisory Board for the Walton College of Business at the University of Arkansas. He has been recognized as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum. Originally from Jonesboro, Ark., Doug graduated from the University of Arkansas with a bachelor of science in business administration. He earned his MBA in finance from the University of Tulsa."
"Nick Sinatra is a distinguished real estate professional who possesses a unique vision for his hometown, Buffalo, New York. From a young age, Nick could envision Buffalo being converted into a world-class city — all it needed was someone to believe in and access its untapped potential. Shortly after receiving his MBA from the University of Pennsylvania Wharton School, Nick decided that he would be the one to help redevelop Buffalo. As such, he began purchasing and flipping properties after the most recent market crash. During that time, Nick realized that it was imperative for him to prioritize people over profits, and that guiding principle has stuck with him throughout his career. To glean further insight into the work Nick and his company, Sinatra & Company Real Estate, have achieved, be sure to visit his website."
"Hans Tung is a managing partner at GGV Capital, focusing on consumer Internet, e-commerce, and IoT investments across China and the U.S. He has been ranked by Forbes Midas List as one of the world’s top venture capitalists six times from 2013 to 2018, most recently ranking number 20 in the world. He has invested in 14 private companies with valuations greater than $400M, including 11 unicorns valued at over $1 billion: Xiaomi, Wish, Bytedance (a.k.a. Toutiao), Slack, Airbnb, OfferUp, Peloton, Coinbase, Xiaohongshu, Meili, and SmartMi. He was among the first Silicon Valley VCs to move to China full time, spending eight years in China from 2005 to 2013. He was an early investor and former board member of Xiaomi and Musical.ly, which was acquired by Bytedance (a.k.a. Toutiao) for around $900 million in 2017. A well-recognized investor in the e-commerce sector, Hans has invested in four of the top 20 shopping apps in the US App Store: Wish, Poshmark, Offerup, and Ibotta. Hans holds a BA from Stanford University. Having worked in 10 cities, he has witnessed and analyzed the ups and downs of various regions and sectors through economic cycles. Hans is a well-followed thought leader and commentator in the US-China cross-border technology scene. He was named a “LinkedIn Top Voice in VC” in 2017, and co-hosts the 996 Podcast, the most popular English-language podcast on tech and entrepreneurship in China. He blogs about China’s tech trends and his investment theses at www.hans.vc."
"Rob is an experienced software executive and entrepreneur. He has made significant contributions in the open source community both advising and running successful companies throughout the years. Bearden was President and Chief Operating Officer (COO) of SpringSource until its acquisition by VMWare.  Before joining SpringSource, Bearden served as Entrepreneur in Residence at Benchmark, a leading venture capital firm based in the Silicon Valley. He was also COO for OpenSpan, a desktop integration software provider. Previously Bearden served as COO for JBoss, the world's leading open source middleware company, where he helped architect and execute the company's business model, managed its worldwide operations, and orchestrated its successful acquisition by Red Hat in 2006."
"Robert Swan Mueller III is an American lawyer and civil servant who was the sixth Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, serving from 2001 to 2013. A Republican, he was appointed by President George W. Bush and his original ten-year term was given a two-year extension by President Barack Obama, making him the longest-serving FBI director since J. Edgar Hoover. He is currently head of the Special Counsel investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. A graduate of Princeton University, Mueller served as a Marine Corps officer during the Vietnam War, receiving the Bronze Star Medal with Combat ""V"" for heroism and the Purple Heart Medal. After graduating from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1973, he worked at a private firm in San Francisco for three years until his appointment as an assistant U.S. Attorney in the same city. Prior to his appointment as FBI director, Mueller served as a United States Attorney, as assistant attorney general for the Criminal Division and as acting deputy attorney general. He earned a reputation as a no-nonsense, strait-laced attorney and investigator, as well as the nickname ""Bobby Three Sticks,"" in reference to his name's suffix. Lauded for his non-partisan and non-political approach, he has been credited with transforming the FBI from an agency primarily focused on law enforcement into one of the world's top organizations handling counterespionage and counterterrorism. In May 2017, Mueller was appointed by the Justice Department as special counsel, overseeing the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections and related matters."
"John is the founder and Chief Investment Officer of Passport Capital, a San Francisco based hedge fund that has $4 billion under management in energy, healthcare, and technology.  Mr. Burbank has over a decade of experience investing in global equity markets. Prior to founding the firm in 2000, he was a consultant to JMG Triton Offshore, Ltd. From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Burbank was the director of research at ValueVest Management.  John holds a BA degree from Duke University and earned an MBA degree from the Stanford Business School."
"Sean believes that behavioral medicine is at an incredible tipping point of innovation thanks to technology and design. He holds a BS in Neuroscience from Columbia University, was an MD/MBA candidate at Harvard, and formerly worked for Google and IDEO."
"Steven Spielberg is an American film director, producer and screenwriter. The three-time Academy Award winner is the highest grossing filmmaker of all time.  As of 2006, the magazine Premiere listed him as the most powerful and influential figure in the motion picture industry.  In a career that spans almost four decades, Spielberg's films have touched many themes and genres. During the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, three of his films, Jaws, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Jurassic Park became the highest grossing films for their time. During his early years as a director, his sci-fi and adventure films were often seen as the archetype of modern Hollywood blockbuster filmmaking. In later years, his movies began addressing such historical issues as the Holocaust, slavery, war, and terrorism."
"Adam Mosseri is a VP at Facebook and leads the product and engineering teams responsible for News Feed and Sharing. Before this role Adam was the PM director for News Feed and before that the design director for the Mobile product group, where he was responsible for the design of all of Facebook’s mobile apps. Prior to Facebook he worked at TokBox as the company’s first designer. Adam began his career founding a design consultancy in 2003 with offices in New York and San Francisco that focused on graphic design, interaction design and exhibition design. Adam holds a BA in Interdisciplinary Study from the Gallatin School of Interdisciplinary Study at NYU where he studied Information Design and Media. He and his wife Monica are proud parents of sons, Nico and Blaise "
"Will is the co-founder of Euclid and currently serves as the company’s Executive Chairman and Chief Strategy Officer. Will’s passion for data science drives the company’s long term-strategy and product vision, helping brands unlock the business value of their physical locations. Will’s roots in retail run deep – his grandfather was an innovator in shopping center development and the chairman of the International Council of Shopping Centers. In 2013, Will played a leading role defining the Mobile Location Analytics Code of Conduct with Senator Chuck Schumer and other leading location analytics companies. As a privacy expert, Will spearheads Euclid’s privacy initiatives and serves on the advisory Board of the Future of Privacy Forum. Prior to Euclid, Will worked as an analyst at Thomas Weisel Partners and graduated from Stanford University."
"At ACT, Bala leads the blue print of strategic business plans, steers the senior management team of all business vertical heads in defining their operating roadmap, personally oversees acquisitions under ACT and is the first in command to drive 'the ACT Way' value system across all its operations. Bala has grown ACT business many folds since he took charge as CEO in 2008. He successfully integrated multicultural businesses, introduced cutting edge services such as HD, IPTV and high speed Broadband through fiber, created benchmark standards in customer service and set a common vision for sustainable growth in its 4000 odd employees and associates across its business entities. Bala is a qualified Chartered Accountant. He comes with tremendous experience of over 22 years in the industry, 17 years of which he has worked with Unilever, where he successfully completed wide ranging projects in India and Europe in finance, strategy and supply chain. His rich experience of setting up new businesses and managing large portfolios of well-known brands across the globe has helped him establish ACT as one of the leading digital cable and Broadband service providers in India."
"Matej started his first venture selling ad space in ski resorts when he was still a teenager. He found his passion in marketing and founded an award winning event marketing agency, employing 40 people and working for international clients such as Philip Morris, Vodafone, HP and Microsoft. Being a big math and statistics enthusiast, he came up with the idea to measure online popularity of DJs, which eventually evolved into Viberate. He specializes in team leadership and strategic planning."
"Most recently, David was the Managing Partner at SV Angel, which invested in Airbnb, Snap, Stripe, Flatiron Health, Pinterest, Slack, Oscar Health, Climate Corporation, Dropbox, and many others during his tenure. He helped start the New Business Development Group at Google and spent time at Baseline Ventures, Morrison and Foerster, and the MIT Research Laboratory of Electronics. He has a JD from NYU, an MS in Electrical Engineering from Stanford, and a BA from Johns Hopkins. He was a National Science Foundation Graduate Fellow while at Stanford and listed on the Forbes Midas List of Top Technology Investors. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of the Lucile Packard Foundation for Children’s Health."
William Hockey is Co-founder at Plaid.
"Scott Galloway founded L2 after developing an algorithm to assess the digital competence of brands. Scott is a Clinical Professor at the NYU Stern School of Business where he teaches brand strategy and digital marketing. In 2012, Professor Galloway was named ""One of the World's 50 Best Business School Professors"" by Poets & Quants. He is also the founder of Red Envelope and Prophet Brand Strategy. Scott was elected to the World Economic Forum’s Global Leaders of Tomorrow and has served on the boards of directors of Eddie Bauer (Nasdaq: EBHI), The New York Times Company (NYSE: NYT), Gateway Computer, and UC Berkeley’s Haas School of Business. He received a B.A. from UCLA and an M.B.A. from UC Berkeley."
"Mr. Dimon became Chairman of the Board on December 31, 2006, and has been Chief Executive Officer and President since December 31, 2005. He had been President and Chief Operating Officer since JPMorgan Chase's merger with Bank One Corporation in July 2004. At Bank One he had been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since March 2000. Prior to joining Bank One, Mr. Dimon had extensive experience at Citigroup Inc., the Travelers Group, Commercial Credit Company and American Express Company. Mr. Dimon graduated from Tufts University in 1978 and received an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1982. He serves on the Board of Directors of Harvard Business School and Catalyst and is a member of The Business Council. He is also on the Board of Trustees of New York University School of Medicine. Mr. Dimon does not serve on the board of any publicly traded company other than JPMorgan Chase."

"As CEO of Electronic Arts, Andrew Wilson has aligned the company around three core strategic pillars: putting players first, driving a digital transformation and operating as one team. During Andrew’s tenure as CEO, EA has launched groundbreaking new games and services, reached record player engagement levels across its global franchises, and transformed into one of the world’s leading digital entertainment companies. Andrew has held several positions during his over 15 years at EA, providing leadership on product and brand development for both packaged goods and digital services.  Prior to being appointed CEO in 2013, Andrew served as executive vice president of EA SPORTS and Origin where he oversaw all aspects of the EA SPORTS business and development, as well as EA’s digital PC service.  Andrew has also led EA’s Online Organization overseeing the direct-to-consumer business, Asia Online Publishing as well as the EA studio in Seoul, Korea. In addition, he previously served as vice president and executive producer of all EA SPORTS FIFA games, growing the property into one of the largest videogame franchises of all time. A native of Geelong, Victoria, Australia, Andrew began playing games at a young age and got his start working for a consortium of online companies that specialized in the creation of content and services for sports and entertainment media. Andrew has been named one of the “Top People in Business” by FORTUNE, one of the “Most Creative People” by Fast Company, and one of the “100 Most Influential Leaders in Marketing, Media and Tech” by AdWeek. In his spare time, you can find him playing games, surfing and training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. He lives in the Bay Area with his wife and two children."
"Fred Ehrsam is co-founder of Coinbase.  He's been named to both Forbes 30 Under 30 and TIME Magazine's 30 Under 30 Who Are Changing the World. Previously, he was a foreign exchange trader at Goldman Sachs in New York where he traded and managed Goldman’s electronic market making platform.  Fred has also analyzed portfolios at BlackRock, the largest asset manager in the world and worked in nanostructures research. He holds a BS in Computer Science and Economics with honors and distinction from Duke University."
"As Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Mr. Hughes leads the company's legal, regulatory, and government affairs efforts. Joining SpaceX in 2005 as its first in-house counsel, Tim has defined the legal and government affairs functions from the ground up. Based in SpaceX's Washington, DC office, his responsibilities span the company's corporate, contracting, export control, insurance, litigation and launch licensing portfolios, as well as SpaceX's federal and state government affairs agenda. Prior to joining SpaceX, Tim served as Majority Counsel to the Committee on Science and Technology in the United States House of Representatives. In this capacity, he provided counsel to the Science Committee, with a particular focus on the Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee. Tim was the principal attorney responsible for drafting and shepherding the passage of commercial human spaceflight legislation, H.R. 3752 and H.R. 5382, and the Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act of 2004 (enacted into law as P.L. 108-492), which established the legal and regulatory framework for commercial human spaceflight in the United States. A graduate of William and Mary Law School and Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service, Tim previously worked as a senior associate with the Communications and Litigation groups of Drinker Biddle & Reath, LLP, as well as the Office of the Chief Counsel for the United States Secret Service."
"Shan-Lyn Ma is Co-founder and CEO of Zola, the wedding company reinventing the wedding planning and registry experience by combining compassionate customer service with modern tools and technology. Zola launched in 2013 and quickly became the fastest growing wedding company in the country. Today, Zola carries over 500 brands—from registry staples to up-and-coming designers—and over half a million couples have used the platform. The company’s suite of tools includes: the premier all-in-one wedding registry, free wedding websites, a guest-list manager, customizable checklist and beautiful save the dates and wedding invitations.  Before starting her company, Shan was Chief Product Officer of Chloe + Isabel. Prior to that, Shan was Gilt Groupe’s first Product Lead where she led key new business launches, including their successful foray into mobile.  Additionally, she was Creator and General Manager of Gilt Taste, the brand’s food and wine division. Before her time at Gilt, Shan held product and marketing roles at Yahoo!. She holds a degree in BCommerce with First Class Honours from the University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia, and an MBA from Stanford University."
"Billy Johns has years of experience in business management and operation. “Billy” Johns, William Glenn Johns (age 56) knows the principles of smart real estate investment. Once an opportunity is discovered, it is important for the investor to carefully analyze each aspect of the property, its location, previous ownership and the existence of any liens or holds on the property. Johns has proven himself an adept business leader and manager throughout his career, and continues to provide companies the leadership and focus they need to perform at a higher level. Billy Johns and the Winona Beach Resort offer a variety of activities the whole family can enjoy. Boat, canoe, paddle board and pedal boat rentals are available to those looking to test their mettle on the waters of Waitts Lake—while the Cedar Room offers indoor relaxation and activities ranging from playing cards and television to surfing the web on your favorite device."
"London born designer Jonathan Ive is the Senior Vice President of Industrial Design at Apple, reporting directly to the CEO. Since 1996 he has been responsible for leading a design team widely regarded as one of the world's best. Recognized with numerous design awards, Apple products are featured in the permanent collections of museums worldwide including MOMA in New York and the Pompidou in Paris. He is known for being the Principal Designer of the iMac, Powerbook, MacBook, iPod, iPhone and iPad.  Ive holds a Bachelor of Arts and an Honorary Doctorate from Newcastle Polytechnic.  In 2003 he was named Designer of the Year by the Design Museum London and awarded the title Royal Designer for Industry by The Royal Society of Arts."
"Alexa von Tobel is the founder and CEO of LearnVest.com, and the New York Times- Bestselling Author of Financially Fearless. Alexa launched LearnVest in 2009 with the goal of making financial planning affordable, accessible and even delightful. Since then she has raised over $72 million in financing from Accel Partners, American Express Ventures, and others. Alexa serves as an inaugural member of the Presidential Ambassadors for Global Entrepreneurship (PAGE), and she was selected as a 2011 Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum, named to the Ernst & Young Entrepreneurial Winning Women Class of 2011, honored as a 2012 Fortune Most Powerful Women Entrepreneur, and named a Scholar at the 2012 Aspen Ideas Festival. She has been included on a variety of lists such as: Vanity Fair’s 2011 Next Establishment; Fortune’s “40 Under 40: Ones to Watch”; Business Insider’s Silicon Alley 100; Inc. Magazine’s 30 Under 30; Businessweek’s “Best Young Tech Entrepreneurs”; and Marie Claire’s “Women on Top.” Since launching LearnVest, Alexa has been widely quoted as a personal finance expert and entrepreneur in top tier business and consumer outlets. She is a columnist for Cosmopolitan and Inc. Magazine and hosts a weekly radio show on SiriusXM, “Financially Fearless with Alexa von Tobel.” She has also been featured in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Businessweek, Fast Company, Inc., Elle, Forbes, InStyle, Mashable, TechCrunch, VentureBeat and many more. In addition, Alexa has appeared on several local and national television shows including The Today Show, Good Morning America, CBS This Morning, Katie, CNN’s Your Money, and The Rachael Ray Show. Alexa has spoken at nationally renowned events and conferences including TEDxWallStreet, SXSW, Inc.’s GrowCo Conference, NY Ideas Festival, Fast Company’s Innovation Uncensored, and Maria Shriver’s Women’s Conference. Originally from Florida, Alexa received an A.B. in Psychology at Harvard College. Upon graduation, she worked as a trader at Morgan Stanley on their Proprietary Trading Desk before leaving to serve as Head of Business Development at Drop.io, a venture backed startup in NYC. She enrolled in Harvard Business School in the fall of 2008, but took a formal leave of absence shortly after to launch LearnVest."
"Christian Sieber is a managing partner and founder of Walhalla Capital, an investment and advisory company based in London"
"Robert Reffkin is the Founder and CEO at Compass. Prior to Compass Robert worked at Goldman Sachs as Chief of Staff to the President & COO following five years working in the firm's private equity arm. Prior to Goldman Sachs, he worked at Lazard and McKinsey & Company. In 2005, he was appointed as a White House Fellow to serve as special assistant to the Secretary of the Treasury. Robert is also the Founder of New York Needs You. He received a B.A. and M.B.A. from Columbia University. Outside of work, he recently completed 50 marathons, one in each state, to raise $1 million for nonprofits."
"Vivek Garipalli is a CEO and Co-Founder of Clover Health. Vivek is known as a healthcare turnaround expert who is innovating the modern healthcare model. He is the co-founder of CarePoint Health, a vertically- and horizontally-integrated healthcare system in New Jersey. Vivek recently expanded with CarePoint Health Plans, a new concept in the health insurance space, focusing on the Medicare Advantage market. He is also a co-founder of a durable medical equipment provider as well as numerous outpatient services companies. Vivek began his career in M&A at Credit Suisse First Boston. He also held roles at J.P. Morgan Partners’ private equity fund and the Blackstone Group, where he focused on restructuring and reorganization advisory for clients such as Fleming, RCN Corp, and Union Carbide. He is an active investor in early-stage healthcare companies including AAVP Biosystems, Bell Biosystems, Breakthrough, Care at Hand, Docphin, Doctors Evidence, Gravie, LiveProcess, Meddik, Oscar, Recombine, RxREVU, and SwipeSense. Vivek earned an undergraduate degree in business administration at Emory University with a concentration in entrepreneurship."
Amod Malviya is a Co-Founder at UDAAN.
"Ted Livingston is the founder and CEO of Kik, a chat network with more than 240 million registered users and 40 percent of U.S. teens. Founded in 2009, Kik is headquartered in Waterloo, Ontario, and has raised $120.5 million from investors including Tencent and Union Square Ventures. Ted also maintains an active interest in the University of Waterloo’s Velocity Fund, a startup accelerator he conceived of and first funded."
"As CEO, Tim Cook sets and oversees the company’s strategy and vision. Additionally, he is responsible for spearheading top-line revenues generated through sales, marketing and product management as well as develop and execute the company’s Software-as-a-Service sales and marketing strategies. As a Co-founder of BlueOSS, Cook will continue to serve as an evangelist on the shift to subscription-based billing models from the complex billing structures of yesterday. His extensive telecommunications experience, collaborative leadership style and operational expertise has been key to influencing telecommunications companies to embrace the Cloud Economy."
"David Schwartz is Chief Cryptographer at Ripple. David is one of the original architects of the Ripple consensus network. Prior to joining Ripple, David Schwartz was Chief Technical Officer for WebMaster Incorporated, a Santa Clara software developer. He developed encrypted cloud storage and enterprise messaging systems for organizations like CNN and the National Security Agency (NSA). Known as “JoelKatz,” he is a respected voice in the digital currency community."
"Since June 2009, Chernin has served as Founder and Chairman of Chernin Entertainment, LLC, a film and television production company, and The Chernin Group LLC, which is involved in strategic opportunities in media, technology and entertainment.Since October 2010, Chernin has served as Co-Founder and Chairman of CA Media, LP, which builds and manages media, technology and entertainment businesses throughout the Asia Pacific region.  From October 1996 to June 2009,Chernin served in several roles at News Corporation, most recently as President and Chief Operating Officer, and served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Fox Group, a subsidiary of News Corporation. Chernin currently serves on the boards of directors of American Express Company, a diversified financial services company, and Pandora Media, Inc., an online music streaming company.Chernin previously served on the boards of directors of various companies in the media industry and the technology industry, including News Corporation, DirecTV, Inc., E*Trade Financial Corporation and Gemstar-TV Guide International, Inc.  Chernin holds a B.A. in English Literature from the University of California, Berkeley. Chernin was selected to serve on our board of directors because of his operating and management experience at global media companies, his expertise in online and mobile markets and other new technologies and his service on the boards of directors of numerous other companies."
"Balaji S. Srinivasan is the CTO of Coinbase and cofounder of Counsyl, Earn, Teleport, and Coin Center. He was previously CEO at Earn.com, which was recently sold to Coinbase. Prior to taking the CEO role at Earn.com, Dr. Srinivasan was a General Partner at Andreessen Horowitz. Prior to joining a16z, he was the cofounder and CTO of Founders Fund-backed Counsyl, where he won the Wall Street Journal Innovation Award for Medicine and was named to the MIT TR35. Dr. Srinivasan holds a BS, MS, and PhD in Electrical Engineering and an MS in Chemical Engineering from Stanford University. He also teaches the occasional class at Stanford, including an online MOOC in 2013 which reached 250,000+ students worldwide."
"Jennifer Joanna Aniston is an American actress, producer, and businesswoman. She is the daughter of Greek-born actor John Aniston and American actress Nancy Dow. Aniston gained worldwide recognition for portraying Rachel Green on the television sitcom Friends (1994–2004), a role which earned her a Primetime Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. The character was widely popular during the airing of the series and was later recognized as one of the 100 greatest female characters in United States television. Aniston has played the female protagonist in a number of comedies and romantic comedies. Her box office hits include Bruce Almighty (2003), The Break-Up (2006), Marley & Me (2008), Just Go with It (2011), Horrible Bosses (2011), and We're the Millers (2013), each of which have grossed over US$200 million in worldwide receipts. Her most critically acclaimed roles included the role of Olivia in Friends with Money (2006), The Good Girl (2002), for which she was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead, and the drama Cake (2014), for which she received nominations for the Golden Globe Award and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress. Her other films include Along Came Polly (2004) and He's Just Not That Into You (2009). In 2008, she co-founded the production company Echo Films. In 2012, Aniston received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. She is one of the highest paid actresses in Hollywood,[7][8] and as of 2017, her net worth is estimated to be US$200 million. She has also been included in magazines' lists of the world's most beautiful women. Divorced from actor Brad Pitt, to whom she was married for five years, Aniston has been married to actor Justin Theroux since 2015."

"Sergio Romo is the CEO and co-founder of Grow Mobility and Grin Scooters. In 2010 he co-founded along with Jonathan Lewy and Eduardo Mussali Miorden.com (GrubHub for Mexico). In 2012 SinDelantal.com (Spain) bought MiOrden.com who later sold to JustEat (the biggest company in the industry). Sergio co-founded Investomex to invest actively in companies looking for distribution, business expansion, and talent recruiting."
"John Donahoe is the president and CEO of ServiceNow. He has served as chairman of the PayPal Board since July 2015. He served as the president and CEO of eBay Inc. from March 2008 to July 2015, and a director from January 2008 to July 2015. He also serves on the board of directors of Intel Corporation and Nike, Inc.  John joined eBay in March 2005 as president of eBay Marketplaces, responsible for all elements of eBay's global ecommerce businesses. In this role, he focused on expanding eBay's core business, which accounts for the majority of the company's revenues. John also oversaw a number of strategic acquisitions, including Shopping.com, StubHub and classifieds sites, such as Gumtree. During his three-year tenure as President of Marketplaces, revenues and profits for the division doubled. Prior to eBay, John spent more than 20 years at Bain & Company, a worldwide consulting firm based in Boston. Starting as an associate consultant, John rose to become the firm's president and CEO in 1999, overseeing Bain's 30 offices and 3,000 employees. John received a bachelor of arts in economics from Dartmouth College and an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business."
"Katie Jacobs Stanton is currently the Head of Marketing at Color Genomics, a gene startup. Previously, Katie served as Vice President, Global Media at Twitter, responsible for media partnerships across the world and across strategic verticals including news, television, sports, music.Previously at Twitter, Katie ran the International Market Development team, which established key partnerships and Twitter offices including in the UK, Germany, Japan, Brazil, Australia and India, among others. Earlier, Katie worked for the White House, State Department, at Google and at Yahoo!. She has lived in 8 countries and travelled to more than 40 countries. She is a 1991 graduate of Rhodes College and received her Master’s Degree in 1995 from Columbia University’s School of International and Public Affairs (SIPA). She is also a supervisory board member of Vivendi S.A."
"Robert F. Smith is the Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer of Vista Equity Partners. He directs Vista’s investment strategy and decisions, firm governance, and investor relations. Vista is a U.S.-based investment firm with offices in Austin, Chicago, and San Francisco, with more than $30 billion in cumulative capital commitments, and oversees a portfolio of over 35 software companies that employ over 50,000 employees worldwide. Since Vista’s founding in 2000, Mr. Smith has overseen over 290 completed transactions by the firm representing over $91 billion in transaction value. Born in Colorado to two parents with PhDs, Mr. Smith trained as an engineer at Cornell University, earning his B.S. in Chemical Engineering. Following his MBA from Columbia Business School with honors, Mr. Smith worked at Kraft General Foods, where he earned two United States and two European patents. In 1994, he joined Goldman Sachs in tech investment banking, first in New York and then in Silicon Valley. As Co‐Head of Enterprise Systems and Storage, he executed and advised on over $50 billion in merger and acquisition activity with companies such as Apple, Microsoft, Texas Instruments, eBay, and Yahoo. He was the first person in San Francisco at Goldman to focus solely on technology mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Smith’s business achievements and global philanthropic works have received recognition from numerous entities ‐ including the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Chair’s Award, the Reginald F. Lewis Achievement Award, the Humanitarian of the Year Award from the Robert Toigo Foundation, the Ripple of Hope Award from the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights, the Award of Excellence from the National Association of Investment Companies, the Pierre Toussaint Award from the Archdiocese of New York, and the Columbia University BBSA Distinguished Alumni Award. Mr. Smith is the founding director and President of the Fund II Foundation, which is dedicated to preserving the African‐American experience, safeguarding human rights, providing music education, preserving the environment while promoting the benefits of the outdoors, and sustaining critical American values. In January 2016, Cornell University honored Mr. Smith’s leadership by naming the Robert Frederick Smith School of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering. Mr. Smith is the Chairman of Carnegie Hall and the Chairman of the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights. He serves on the Board of Overseers of Columbia Business School, as a Member of the Cornell Engineering College Council, and a Trustee of the Boys and Girls Clubs of San Francisco."
Adam has over 15 years of experience in consumer product design and 11 years of experience in tobacco product innovation. He holds a Master of Science in Product Design from Stanford University and a Bachelor of Arts in Physics from Pomona College.
"Sebastian Thrun is a scientist, educator, inventor, and entrepreneur. Sebastian is the CEO of Kitty Hawk, whose vision is to free people from traffic. He is also the founder, chairman, and president of Udacity, whose mission is to democratize education. Sebastian was the founder of X (previously Google X), where he led the development of the self-driving car, Google Glass, and other projects. He spent several years as a professor at Stanford University where he led the Stanford Racing Team, whose “Stanley” won the DARPA Grand Challenge. Stanley is now on display at the Air and Space Museum in Washington, DC."
"Biz Stone is co-founder of Twitter, a real-time, one-to-many network that is changing the way people communicate around the world. Previously, Biz helped build other popular social media services Xanga, Blogger, and Odeo. After launching the journalling service Xanga in 2000, Biz went on to publish two books about the origins and social significance of blogging. In 2003, Google invited Biz to join a recently acquired Blogger.com team at its Silicon Valley headquarters in a full-time, senior role. Biz helped relaunch the service and grow Blogger significantly worldwide. He left Google in 2005 to rejoin the startup world. Stone, 34, is a native of Boston, Massachusetts and teaches an annual master class at Oxford's Saïd Business School. In the fall of 2008, Stone debated and won at Oxford Union against the proposition, ""The Problems of Tomorrow Are Bigger Than The Entrepreneurs of Today"" along with his esteemed teammates including Reid Hoffman, founder of LinkedIn. Serving as an advisor to startups such as answer community Fluther.com, travel service Trazzler.com which he co-founded, content encouragement service Plinky.com, and the non-profit organization Justgive.org, among others allows Biz to share much of what he has learned over the past decade. Biz lives in Berkeley, CA with his wife, Livia."
"Steve Huffman is the CEO of Reddit. He is a former co-founder and CTO at Hipmunk. Prior to founding Hipmunk, Steve founded the social news site Reddit in 2005 with his college roommate, Alexis Ohanian. Reddit has since grown into the largest social news site and one of the largest communities on the Internet. In 2010, Adam pulled Steve out of retirement to start Hipmunk."
"Jana Messerschmidt recently left Twitter in the summer of 2016 where she served as Vice President of Global Business Development and Platform. She was responsible for partnerships at Twitter, including business development, enterprise sales, developer relations, partner engineering, platform operations, as well as platform marketing and strategy. Prior to joining Twitter in 2010, Jana was director of business development at Netflix, where she focused on mobile and consumer electronics partnerships. Earlier in her career, she worked at DivX and AT&T. She has a B.S. in Computer Engineering from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign."
"Don Valentine is a venture capitalist at [Sequoia Capital](/financial-organization/sequoia-capital) focusing on semiconductor, systems and software investments. Don founded Sequoia Capital in 1972 and was one of the original investors in Apple Computer (AAPL), Atari, Cisco Systems (CSCO), LSI Logic (LSI), Oracle (ORCL) and Electronic Arts (ERTS).  Prior to starting Sequoia Capital, Don was a Founder of National Semiconductor and a senior sales and marketing executive with Fairchild Semiconductor."
"He joined Michelin in 1978 as manager of the Le Puy plant in France. He became Chief Operating Officer of Michelin's South American activities based in Brazil before being appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Michelin North America in 1989. He joined Renault as Executive Vice President in 1996. In addition to supervising Renault activities in Mercosur, he was responsible for research, automobile engineering and development, manufacturing, powertrain operations, and purchasing. Carlos Ghosn joined Nissan Motor as Chief Operating Officer in June 1999 and was named Chief Executive Officer in June 2001. President of Renault since May 2005, he remains President and CEO of Nissan. Carlos Ghosn is also a director of AvtoVAZ. He was appointed President and CEO of Renault on May 6, 2009. Carlos Ghosn is a member of International Advisory Council of Tsinghua University, Beijing, China. He is also a member of International Advisory Council for American University of Beirut, Lebanon and a member of the Strategic Council, Saint Joseph University, Beirut, Lebanon. He also received the CNBC Asia Business Leader of 2011 award"
"James Heckman is the founder and CEO at Maven. Previously, James spent one year as a global chief media strategist at Yahoo."
"Adam Noah Levine is an American singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and actor. He is the lead vocalist for the Los Angeles pop rock band Maroon 5."
"Immad Akhund is the co-founder of Heyzap.com. He was previously the co-founders and CTO of Clickpass.com (sold to Synthasite http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/12/18/synthasite-buys-clickpass-i-see-zero-synergies/) Immad studied Computer Science (BA) at Cambridge University, graduating in 2005. He then went on to work in R&D at Bloomberg's Trading Systems department. Following a year at Bloomberg, Immad started a revmap.com. Revmap provided consumer facing location based services."
"Eli Manning was chosen first overall in the 2004 NFL draft out of Ole Miss by the San Diego Chargers. He was immediately traded to the New York Giants and went on to lead the team to Super Bowl victory in the 2007 season, and into Super Bowl XLVI in the 2011 season. College Football Career Eli Manning was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, in 1981. In 2000, he enrolled at the University of Mississippi (Ole Miss), where both his father and brother Cooper went to college. He played quarterback for the Rebels for four years while at Ole Miss, and put up outstanding numbers, including 10,119 passing yards (fifth on the SEC career list), 81 touchdown passes (third on the SEC career list), and a passer rating of 137.7 (tied for sixth on the SEC career list). During his senior year he won several awards, including the Maxwell Award as the nation's best all-around player and the SEC Player of the Year award."
"3X Founder of Earnest, SolidEnergy, and now working on the next one. Formerly a16z and YC. Active angel investor and board member."
"Timothy Draper is founding partner of leading venture capital firms Draper Associates and DFJ. Tim's original suggestion to use ""viral marketing"" in web-based e-mail to geometrically spread an Internet product to its market was instrumental to the successes of Hotmail and other web-based email providers and has been adopted as a standard marketing technique by hundreds of businesses.  Tim launched the DFJ Global Network, an international network of early-stage venture capital funds with offices in over 30 cities around the globe. Tim founded or co-founded DFJ ePlanet (global), Draper Fisher Jurvetson Gotham (NYC), Zone Ventures (LA), Epic Ventures (Salt Lake City), Draper Atlantic (Reston), Draper Triangle (Pittsburg), Timberline Ventures (Portland), Polaris Fund (Anchorage), DFJ Frontier (Sacramento and Santa Barbara), DFJ Vina Capital (Vietnam), Draper Nexus (Tokyo), and DFJ DragonFund (Shanghai).  Tim recently launched ""Six Californias,"" a statewide initiative to create six new states and dissolve a failed one in California. Previously, Tim served on the California State Board of Education. In November of 2000, Tim launched a statewide cyber-initiative on school choice for the California General Election.  Tim was a Member of Singapore's International Economic Council and Ukraine's Orange Circle.  Tim was on the Board of U.C. Berkeley's Haas School of Business.  Tim was ranked 52 on the list of the 100 most influential Harvard Alumni, and seven on the Forbes Midas List. Tim was named Always-On #1 top venture capital deal maker. Tim was awarded the Commonwealth Club's Distinguished Citizen Award for achievements in green and sustainable energy.  To further encourage entrepreneurship, Tim  started BizWorld.org, a non-profit for children to learn entrepreneurship, Draper University of Heroes, a school for entrepreneurs 18-28 and he leads SixCalifornias, an initiative to improve the governance of California.  Tim has a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University and an MBA from Harvard Business School."
"James is a technology entrepreneur fascinated by the way the world works. He founded SenSat to enable the greatest step change since the internet; the digitisation of the physical world. SenSat allows computers to interact with the real world in their own language, making important information accessible to everyone. ​ James received a BSc from King’s College London in Geography and a minor in Astrophysics from The University of California, Irvine. His speciality lies in Satellite Sensing and Earth monitoring where he worked with NASA’s LandSAT and MODIS satellites."
"Drew Houston is co-founder and CEO of [Dropbox](http://www.crunchbase.com/organization/dropbox). Since founding the company in 2007 with Arash Ferdowsi, Drew has led the company’s growth from a simple idea to a service used by 500 million people around the world. Drew received his bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT in 2006. After graduating, he turned his frustration with carrying USB drives and emailing files to himself into a demo for what became Dropbox. Today Dropbox is one of the world's leading business collaboration platforms, with 11 million paying subscribers and 1,800 employees across 12 global offices."
Nico Rosberg is a retired German–Finnish Formula One racing driver and 2016 Formula One World Champion. 
"A Seattle native, Steve Anderson is a seed investor. Steve founded Baseline Ventures, a privately held early stage seed investor in 2006.Bringing his diverse experience from eBay, Microsoft, Kleiner Perkins, Starbucks and Digital Equipment Corporation, Steve founded Baseline to in order to help entrepreneurs build and grow their ideas into companies.  Steve was also named to the Forbes Midas list three years running (peaking at #5) for earning top returns for entrepreneurs and investors.  Since its inception, Baseline has invested in more than 90 companies and helped more than 30 companies exit profitably for founders and investors alike. Baseline is proud to be a seed investor associated with the following highly promising companies: Instagram (founding investor) and Parakey (both acquired by Facebook)Heroku, ExactTarget, GoInstant and CoTweet (all acquired by Salesforce.com) Crashlytics and GeoAPI (both acquired by Twitter) IndexTank (acquired by LinkedIn) Librato (acquired by SolarWinds) Rupture (acquired by EA) Sendori (acquired by Ask.com) Versely (acquired by Cisco) Aardvark and DocVerse (both acquired by Google) Yardbarker (acquired by Fox Sports) BookFresh (acquired by Sugar Media) Cake Financial (acquired by E*Trade) ScanScout (acquired by Tremor Media) StaxNetworks (acquired by Cloudbees) Hunch (acquired by eBay) Instructables (acquired by AutoDesk) Flowtown (acquired by DemandForce) OMGPop (acquired by Zynga) Xobni (acquired by Yahoo!) Metaresolver (acquired by Millenial Media)"
"By the time he stepped away from baseball in 2014 after a historic 20-year career with the New York Yankees, Derek Jeter had established himself as one of the most respected men to ever have played the game. A five-time World Series champion and member of baseball’s exclusive 3,000-hit club, Jeter earned numerous accolades in recognition of both his on-field skill and his commitment to the community, including: World Series MVP (2000); 14-time MLB All-Star; 5-time Gold Glove Award; 5-time Silver Slugger Award; AL Rookie of the Year (1996); Roberto Clemente Award (2009); and Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Year Award (2009). His reputation is that of an unmatched leader both on and off the field; his name is synonymous with hard work, dedication and class.   In retirement, Jeter now focuses on a variety of successful business ventures and entrepreneurial investments. Most recently, he helped launch The Players’ Tribune, an innovative multimedia company where world-class athletes share their honest and unique perspectives, bringing fans closer to the games they love. In November 2013, Jeter and Simon & Schuster announced the Jeter Publishing imprint, which includes both adult and children’s books verticals. The first booked released, The Contract, debuted at #2 on The New York Times Children’s Middle Grade Best Seller list. In October 2014, a full-color photo book called Jeter Unfiltered was released, providing fans an in-depth look at his life through never-before-published images taken over the course of his final season. He also serves as Partner and Brand Development Officer of Luvo, a transformational lifestyle food brand where he is involved in product development, brand awareness and strategic partnerships.   Jeter continues to be the driving force behind the Turn 2 Foundation, which he established in 1996 to give back to the communities with which he has a close connection, including West Michigan, Tampa and New York City. He satisfies his passion for inspiring young people through initiatives – like the Jeter’s Leaders program – that promote academic excellence, leadership development, positive behavior, healthy choices and social change. During Derek’s baseball career, the Turn 2 Foundation has awarded more than $23 million in grants to create and support signature programs that motivate young people to turn away from drugs and alcohol and “Turn 2” healthy lifestyles."
Russell Wilson is the vice president at Prairie Merchant Corporation.
"Ben Lamm is a serial technology entrepreneur that builds intelligent and transformative businesses. He is currently the founder and CEO of Hypergiant, the Office of Machine Intelligence. Previous to founding Hypergiant, Lamm was the CEO and founder of Conversable, the leading conversational intelligence platform that helps brands reach their customers through automated experiences on all major messaging and voice platforms. Conversable was acquired by LivePerson in 2018. Lamm was also the the founder and CEO of Chaotic Moon, a global mobile creative technology powerhouse acquired by Accenture. During his time at Chaotic Moon and as a Managing Director at Accenture, Lamm spearheaded the creation of some of the Fortune 500’s most groundbreaking digital products and experiences in the emerging tech world of IoT, VR, Connected Car, Mobile, Tablet, and Wearables. After leaving Accenture, Lamm focused his attention on other ventures, including the consumer gaming company he co-founded, Team Chaos. Team Chaos was focused on making fun, original games that people can easily play across a variety of platforms. In 2016, Team Chaos was acquired by Zynga. In addition to leading and growing his own companies, Lamm is very active in angel investing, incubators and startup communities, with investments in the software and emerging tech space. He is both an active voice in the tech community as well as actively mentoring fellow entrepreneurs on how to build disruptive businesses through accelerators and corporate programs. In addition to supporting startups, Lamm also serves on Adweek’s advisory board and the Planetary Society’s advisory council. Lamm is often quoted in the press on innovation, technology and entrepreneurship, and has appeared as a thought leader in outlets such as Wall Street Journal, New York Times, Forbes, Adweek, Entrepreneur, Inc, Wired, TechCrunch, VentureBeat, and Newsweek."
"Vikram Chopra is the Co-Founder and CEO of CARS24. He is a former Co-FOunder of FabFurnish and Investment Analyst of Sequoia Capital and was Business Analyst at McKinsey & Company. Mr. Chopra received a BTech and MTech in Engineering at Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay and earned an MBA in Finance at the University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School."
"Rajeev Misra serves as Chief Executive Officer and Head of Strategic Finance at SoftBank Vision Fund. Rajeev Misra serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Head at SoftBank Investment Advisers. He is a Director of Uber Technologies, Inc. Rajeev Misra served as Head of Strategic Finance at SoftBank Group Corp. and served as its Head of Softbank Vision Fund. Rajeev Misra joined SoftBank. In this role, he works with SoftBank Group and SoftBank Internet and Media Inc. to optimize long-term capital structure and financing strategy. Rajeev Misra is the Founder at Clarent Capital Partners LLP. Previously, he served as a Senior Managing Director and Partner at Fortress Investment Group LLC which he joined in May 2014. Prior to that, Rajeev Misra spent 5 years at UBS as the Global Head of Credit and Head of Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities in Europe, Middle East and Africa. While at the firm, in January 2010 he was appointed as the Joint Global Head and Global Head of Emerging Markets. Rajeev Misra served as the Head of Credit Derivatives and Chief of Global Credit Trading at Deutsche Bank AG. Prior to that, he was at Merrill Lynch for 7 years working in derivative marketing and trading. Rajeev Misra has spent over 10 years at various executive positions. He serves as a Member of the Board of Advisors of Aten Holdings Pte. Ltd. He has been Director of SoftBank Group Corp. Rajeev Misra served as an Independent Director at Eros International Plc . He served as a Board of Directors of Capital First Ltd, Securitization and Commodities; and MGT Capital Investments, Inc. Rajeev Misra holds BS in Mechanical Engineering and a Master’s degree in Computer Science from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from the Sloan School of Management. He holds B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi."
"Shantanu Narayen currently serves as president and chief executive officer of Adobe. He joined Adobe in January 1998 as Vice President and General Manager of our engineering technology group. In January 1999, he was promoted to Senior Vice President, Worldwide Products, and in March 2001 he was promoted to Executive Vice President, Worldwide Product Marketing and Development. In January 2005, Narayen was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer, and effective December 2007, he was appointed our Chief Executive Officer and joined our Board of Directors.  Narayen serves on the board of directors of Pfizer Inc., a multinational pharmaceutical corporation. He previously served as a director of Dell Inc. from September 2009 to October 2013.  Narayen holds a B.S. in Electronics Engineering from Osmania University in India, a M.S. in Computer Science from Bowling Green State University and an M.B.A. from the Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley."
"Pete Lau is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of OnePlus. The company was launched on December 17, 2013 with the aim of creating “a more beautiful and higher quality products”. At OnePlus, Pete likes to call himself “Chief Product Manager” as he believes that the quality of his products should be user experience-driven. Over the past 5 years, Pete’s “flagship only” product strategy and “never settle” brand philosophy has helped the brand successfully enter 33 regions and countries. His products have also widely obtained acclaim from consumers and top-tier tech media across the globe."
"Iqram is a co-founder of Venmo, an iPhone, Android and Blackberry App that lots of people use to pay their friends back."
"Scott Jones is the co-founder, chairman, and CEO at Eleven Fifty Academy. He is also the co-founder of Precise Path Robotics and Powerfile, Inc., and served as the director of MOG."
"Adam has 20 years of executive experience in technology, finance, and entrepreneurship. He built and launched his first company (software QA) while in college. He’s worked in management consulting, investment banking, the hedge fund industry, and most recently with two startups in the Education Technology sector. He has a BA from Harvard College and an MBA from Harvard Business School."
"The Honorable Cory A. Booker is the Mayor of Newark, New Jersey. He took the oath of office as Mayor of New Jersey’s largest city on July 1, 2006 following a sweeping electoral victory. Elected with a clear mandate for change, Mayor Booker has begun work on realizing a bold vision for the city. Newark’s mission is to set a national standard for urban transformation by marshalling its resources to achieve security, economic abundance and an environment that is nurturing and empowering for individuals and families. Mayor Booker and his Administration have made meaningful strides towards achieving the City’s mission. Newark, New Jersey is a national leader among large cities for reductions in shootings and murders, achieving decreases of more than 40% in gun violence. Radical transformation of the Newark Police Department under Mayor Booker’s leadership, together with the deployment of over 100 surveillance cameras throughout City, has led to Newark setting the nationwide pace for crime reduction. Mayor Booker’s political career began in 1998, after serving as Staff Attorney for the Urban Justice Center in Newark. He rose to prominence as Newark’s Central Ward Councilman. During his four years of service from 1998-2002, then-Councilman Booker earned a reputation as a leader with innovative ideas and bold actions, from increasing security in public housing to building new playgrounds."
"Ashton Kutcher is an actor, investor, entrepreneur, producer and philanthropist.   Kutcher has been named one of TIME magazine’s “100 Most Influential People in the World,” as well as being honored by Vanity Fair ‘s “New Establishment List,” which identifies the top 50 of an innovative new breed of buccaneering visionaries, engineering prodigies and entrepreneurs. Twice, Kutcher was named one of Forbes magazine’s “World’s Most Powerful Celebrities,” as well as one of Fast Company magazine’s “Most Creative People.”   Kutcher has been investing in technology for over a decade, both as an angel investor and  a founding partner of A-Grade Investments and Sound Ventures. His fund portfolio includes Airbnb, Uber, Flexport, Brex, Robinhood, Bird, Airtable and Affirm among others.   Kutcher is also the co-founder of Thorn: Digital Defenders of Children (www.thorn.org). Thorn drives technology innovation to fight the sexual exploitation of children.   Kutcher currently stars in the Netflix original series, The Ranch. He also serves as Executive Producer.  Until 2015, Kutcher starred in the CBS comedy series Two and a Half Men. The show ranked as the second most-watched comedy on all of network television. Kutcher first gained recognition as Michael Kelso on the Fox series That 70’s Show, and went on to star in a variety of box office hits on the big screen – including What Happens In Vegas with Cameron Diaz, The Guardian with Kevin Costner, No Strings Attached with Natalie Portman and the cult hit Dude, Where’s My Car.   Kutcher served as co-creator and producer of MTV's hit series, “Punk'd,” and The CW's reality series “Beauty and the Geek” and “True Beauty.”  He has also produced films such as No Strings Attached, Killers and The Butterfly Effect. Additionally, Kutcher co-founded APlus, a digital media company devoted to spreading the message of positive journalism, a kind of storytelling that focuses on our shared humanity.  In 2016, APlus was purchased by Chicken Soup for the Soul."
"Meg Whitman has served Hewlett-Packard as Chairman of the Board since July 2014, as President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2011 and as a member of the Board since January 2011. From March 2011 to September 2011, Whitman served as a part-time strategic advisor to Kleiner, Perkins, Caulfield & Byers, a private equity firm.  Previously, Whitman served as President and Chief Executive Officer of eBay Inc., from 1998 to 2008. Prior to joining eBay,Whitman held executive-level positions at Hasbro Inc., a toy company, FTD, Inc., a floral products company, The Stride Rite Corporation, a footwear company, The Walt Disney Company, an entertainment company, and Bain & Company, a consulting company.  Whitman also serves as a director of The Procter & Gamble Company."
"Anupam started his entrepreneurial journey by founding People Group - A New Media & Entertainment group, which includes businesses such as Shaadi.com, Makaan.com, Mauj Mobile and People Pictures. Today the group is recognized as one of the most innovative enterprises in the country. Besides his operational roles, Anupam is also one of Indiaâ€™s most active angel investors.   Â  Anupam Mittal has been voted by BusinessWeek as one of Indiaâ€™s 50 Most Powerful People. He has also been on the list of one of the 25 people to watch out for by one of Indiaâ€™s most reputed magazines,â€˜The Weekâ€™."

"Jon Winkelried is the Co-Chief Executive Officer and a Partner of TPG based in San Francisco. Prior to joining TPG in 2015, Jon was with Goldman, Sachs & Co. for more than 27 years, until he retired in 2009 as President and Co-Chief Operating Officer. Jon received a BA in economics from the University of Chicago and an MBA from the Graduate School of Business at the University of Chicago. He serves on the Vanderbilt University Board of Trust and on the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center Board of Overseers."
"Founder of OnlineCheckWriter.Com, Tyler Petroleum, and Official member of Forbes Business  Council. As well as being a successful East Texas businessman. Having 200+ employees using all the technology and software in the business. Always building better software solutions not only from our own experience but also in partnership with 40+ dedicated developers and teams. He wanted to build a better check management experience for small businesses and consumers that leaves no stone unturned. He is a technology orientated, with 15 years of experience in many different industries, from Oil and Fuel, retail to real estate. This software was initially made for Tyler Petroleum itself and later released to the public. Tyler Petroleum is an Inc.5000 fastest growing private companies of America. It is more than a check printing software includes preventing fake/forged/unauthorized checks automatically, automated reconciliation of cleared and uncleared checks, print deposit slips for any banks, checks for every scenario, including management control. It features access levels for users/employees who issue checks on behalf of the company.  His team blends cutting edge technology with objective financial service. He believes that this is the best way to empower both individuals and businesses. With a client-centric business model, OnlineCheckWriter.Com is fundamentally altering the traditional check writing landscape."


"Patrick Collison is the co-founder, content strategist, and CEO of Stripe, the simple developer-friendly way to accept payments online. Patrick co-founded Stripe with his brother in 2010 after personally experiencing the difficulty developers face when implementing a way to accept payments online for content and goods. Stripe is expanding internationally and has launched in the US, Canada, the UK, and Ireland, processing millions of dollars each day for companies including Heroku, Foursquare and Reddit. It is also in beta in many other European countries and Australia.  Patrick is no stranger to the startup world having previously co-founded and sold Automatic, an auction and marketplace management system, which he started in 2007 at the age of 18. Just a year later, the company was acquired by Canada's Live Current Media for $5 million."
"David Drummond joined Google in 2002, initially as vice president of corporate development. Today as senior vice president and chief legal officer, he leads Google's global teams for legal, government relations, corporate development (M&A and investment projects) and new business development (strategic partnerships and licensing opportunities). David was first introduced to Google in 1998 as a partner in the corporate transactions group at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati, one of the nation's leading law firms representing technology businesses. He served as Google's first outside counsel and worked with Larry Page and Sergey Brin to incorporate the company and secure its initial rounds of financing. During his tenure at Wilson Sonsini, David worked with a wide variety of technology companies to help them manage complex transactions such as mergers, acquisitions, and initial public offerings. David earned his bachelor's degree in history from Santa Clara University and his JD from Stanford Law School."
"Adam Fisher joined Bessemer in 2007 as a Partner, bringing a decade of experience in the Israeli venture capital market to the firm. The founder of BVP Israel's Herzliya office, he focuses primarily on the firm's Israel-related investments.  Adam is Bessemer's first partner to be dedicated to Israel, where the firm has made a number of investments, including ART (acquired by Scansoft, now Nuance (NUAN)), Cyota (acquired by RSA Security (RSAS)), DSP Group (DSPG), Mellanox (MLNX), Colorchip, Finjan (acquired by M86 Security), and Siano Mobile Silicon.  In addition to serving on the boards of Siano and Russia-based Enforta, Adam has led BVP's investments in and is on the boards of UK-based Axis Network Technology as well as Altair, Soluto, Storwize, and Wix, all of which are based in Israel. Before joining BVP, Adam was a General Partner in the Jerusalem and New York City offices of Jerusalem Venture Partners (JVP) From 1998 to 2007.  Adam led JVP's investments in the semiconductor, consumer electronics, networking, and wireless sectors and served as a director on the boards of Dune Networks, Kovio, Siano Mobile Silicon, and Sepaton, among others.  In addition, he was involved in JVP's investments in Allot Communications (NASDAQ:ALLT), Cogent Communications (NASDAQ:CCOI) and Native Networks (acquired by Alcatel (NYSE: ALU)). While Adam was at JVP, he coinvested with BVP in Siano Mobile Silicon and worked with BVP on the board of Kovio. Adam also led JVP's Asia strategy and established the firm's Shanghai office in 2004. A graduate of Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service, Adam concentrated in International Economics and Middle East Studies. Born in South Africa, he has lived in a number of U.S. cities, as well as China and Israel."
"Joshua Viner is Co-Founder & CEO of Wag! Previously, Joshua co-founded the Social Discovery Platform Chirpme that scaled to over 50 million users internationally before selling the service. Prior to that, while still in college, Josh launched PageFad that pioneered sports games on social networks, scaling to over 10 million users, and had 5 of the top 10 sports games on Facebook. Joshua lives in Los Angeles, and misses his childhood dog – a Shetland Sheep Dog named Brittany - very much."
"Luke Sweetser is a Dallas-based entrepreneur who possesses extensive experience in the realm of insurance. The Founder and CEO of Helios Capital and its portfolio company, Helios Protection, Luke has utilized the skills he acquired during his 16 years on Wall Street to build the companies up from small start-ups. Prior to taking the plunge and establishing his own business, Luke Sweetser boasted an impressive track record in the investment realm, having earned 4.2 times more revenue for partners than he lost. To glean further insight into Luke Sweetser's professional trajectory and how he applies his past experience to his present ventures, be sure to visit his website."
"Paul moved from the UK to the US in 2014 to co-found the business Lemonaid Health. In the UK Paul's entrepreneurial career started aged 17 where I was a runner up in a Daily Mail sponsored entrepreneur of the year competition, founded my first company ran from the garage of my family home.  Later Paul founded and ran the UK's largest online pet retailer and became Head of Online for the second largest drugstore chain. Paul continues to advise McKinsey & Company and others on e-commerce, innovation and business strategy.  In the UK Paul was an advisor to the Government on Entrepreneurism and Enterprise."
"He holds a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science and Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi and a Master's degree in Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.  Managing Director of Canaan Partners India, Alok focuses on investments in digital media and mobile companies, as well as innovators in managed software services and other IT enabled businesses.  He has led Canaan's investments in BharatMatrimony, iYogi, Cellcast, UnitedLex, Chakpak and MotorExchange. Alok is also a co-founder of Indian Angel Network, and on the board of TiE (The Indus Entrepreneurs) in Delhi."
"Brad was most recently chief-of-staff at the Tennessee Department of Economic Development, overseeing the day-to-day operations of the $220 million, 140-person organization. Brad previously served as executive director of Tennessee SCORE and also spent time at McKinsey & Company. Brad graduated summa cum lade from Harvard University and received an M.Phil from Oxford, where he was a Rhodes Scholar."
"Smith is Head of Private Investments at JPMorgan (JPM). Prior to joining JPM he held positions as Managing Director and Partner/General Partner at seven other private equity/venture funds since 1981 including, most recently, One Equity Partners (OEP). From 1979 to 1981, Smith was Senior Investment Manager at Citicorp Venture Capital and prior to that he worked in the International Money Management Group of JPMorgan. Smith serves on the Boards of GENBAND, Allied Advanced Technologies, Deem and Smartrac. Smith earned his B.A. in History from Harvard College. Smith is co-author of the book Treasury Management: A Practitioner's Handbook, John Wiley & Sons, 1980."
"Adam Bierman is the Co-Founder and currently the President of MedMen and ModMan enterprises, which is an award winning marketing and branding firm focused on wellness and health-related industries. In U.S., he has helped more than hundred businesses related to marijuana by directing them on how to turn in their licensing applications, and by assisting them in setting-up and managing everyday operations, which are necessary for running a marijuana business."
"Delane Parnell is currently the Founder and CEO of PlayVS, the venture-backed startup building the infrastructure for high school esports. Prior to starting PlayVS, Delane worked at IncWell Venture Capital where he became the youngest black venture capitalist in The United States. Delane was then part of the early team at Rocket Fiber that raised $31M and focused on retail strategy directly with the CEO. While at Rocket Fiber, Delane founded Rush Esports, an esports team that was acquired by Team Solomid. A lifelong entrepreneur, Delane started his first job at 13, working 40 plus hours a week during the school year. At 17, Delane used the money he saved to purchase three cell phone stores and joined the founding team of Executive Car Rental that now has 16 locations across Michigan. In 2017, Delane was introduced to Science founders Peter Pham and Mike Jones, where they discovered a common interest in esports. After a few months of speaking with Science, Delane founded PlayVS. In April 2018, PlayVS announced their exclusive partnership with the National Federation of State High School Associations (NFHS) to collaborate on the national rollout of esports in high schools. In June of 2018, the company announced a $15M Series A led by NEA, the largest ever for a black founder in the consumer internet industry. PlayVS’ inaugural esports season will commence in October 2018. "
"Emmett Shear is founder and CEO of Twitch (www.twitch.tv),  the world’s leading video platform and community for gamers. Mr. Shear is also co-founder of Justin.tv and a part-time partner at venture capital firm Y Combinator, where he advises fledgling startups on product and strategy. Mr. Shear graduated from Yale University in 2005 and in 2012 was included in Forbes Magazine on their 30 under 30 list. Twitch launched in 2011, and in 2014 The Wall Street Journal cited the brand as having the 4th largest peak internet traffic in the U.S."
"Imran is an Economics graduate, holds an MBA and is a qualified PRINCE2 project manager. Before Investment Software, he joined FSL in 2001 having spent over ten years in investment banking with Morgan Stanley, Kleinwort Benson and Salomon Brothers."
"Daniel Gross is an entrepreneur and investor. Daniel was born in Israel. He founded a company called Cue, an AI-powered search engine. Cue raised multiple rounds of financing from Y-Combinator, Sequoia Capital, Index and others. In 2013, Cue was acquired by Apple. At 22, Daniel was leading several search and AI efforts across the company spanning iOS, OS X and Apple Watch.  In 2017, Daniel joined Y-Combinator as a Partner. He launched YC AI, Y-Combinator’s first vertical dedicated to investing in AI companies. In 2018, Daniel founded Pioneer (https://pioneer.app). Pioneer is a search engine for the millions of “Lost Einstein’s” — extraordinarily creative people around the world who have the talent, but lack opportunity. Once identified, Pioneer and makes small investments to support whatever project they’re working on. Daniel is also an investor in Github, Coinbase, Cruise, Gusto, Embark and others"
"Michael Kors is Chief Creative Officer, Honorary Chairman and a director of the Company. Mr. Kors studied fashion design at the Fashion Institute of Technology in Manhattan and in 1981 created what has become an enduring and iconic luxury lifestyle empire with a distinctive point of view and global reach. He held his first runway show in 1984 for the Michael Kors fall collection and he has successfully built our Company into a global luxury lifestyle brand. Mr. Kors has been the recipient of numerous industry awards including the CFDA Womenswear Designer of the Year in 1999 and Menswear Designer of the Year in 2003. Amongst his other accolades, Mr. Kors has also been awarded The Accessories Council ACE Award for Designer of the Year in 2006 and Fashion Group International’s Star Honoree at its annual Night of Stars Awards in 2009. In 2010, the CFDA acknowledged Mr. Kors with their most prestigious honor, the Lifetime Achievement Award. He also received the Award of Courage from the American Foundation for AIDS Research (amfAR) in 2011. In addition to all of these accomplishments, from 1998 to 2004 Mr. Kors also served as creative director of Celine, the renowned French luxury brand. Mr. Kors has also been a judge on the Emmy-nominated reality show Project Runway since 2004."
"Julie is the founding Chief Product Officer and Chief Strategy Officer of Kyruus. She drives the vision and strategy behind the company’s market-leading patient access products and go-to-market efforts, and oversees strategic partnerships and ecosystem development for the company. Julie previously played product leadership roles at Generation Health from inception through acquisition, and Knome, the world's first whole genome sequencing service for private individuals. Julie’s passion for search technologies and supply-demand matching businesses began as a member of the software engineering team at Endeca Technologies. She studied computer science and pre-medicine at MIT, and obtained an MS and MBA from Harvard-MIT HST and MIT Sloan. Outside of Kyruus, Julie is a member of the Massachusetts Technology Leadership Council Board of Trustees and a Young Global Leader with the World Economic Forum. She has been recognized for her thought leadership through numerous awards and honors from Becker’s Hospital Review, Health Data Management, MedTech Boston, and Rock Health."
"Natarajan Chandrasekaran (‘Chandra’) is the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), a leading global IT solution and consulting firm, and a member of its Board of Directors. He was elevated to the role of Chief Executive in October 2009 after serving as the Chief Operating Officer since 2007. With revenues of $15.5 billion in 2014-15, TCS is among the fastest growing IT services companies globally with a compounded annual growth rate of 26 per cent over the last three years. The market capitalization of the company crossed USD 80 billion during 2014-15, making TCS the most valuable company in India. With over 319,000 consultants, TCS has become the largest private sector employers in India with the highest retention rate in a globally competitive industry. A tireless traveler who is always willing to meet customers, Chandra personifies TCS’ commitment to its culture of customer centricity, its reputation for high service quality as well as its tradition of innovation. A technopreneur known for his ability to make big bets on new technology, Chandra has been driving several innovative initiatives at TCS, some of which have since scaled into sizeable new businesses. Chandra has been appointed as the Chairperson of the IT Industry at the World Economic Forum, Davos for 2015-16. He is also a member of Indo – US CEO Forum. Chandra has been playing an active role in helping the Indian government expand trade and enhance business relationships with several countries. He is part of the bilateral business taskforces for Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Japan and Malaysia. He is also a Member of the Honorary Committee of European Business Summit. Chandra served as the chairman of NASSCOM, the apex trade body for IT services firms in India in 2012-13 and continues to be a member of its governing Executive Council. Under his guidance, the company has refined its corporate sustainability program to focus on education, environment and wellness. The firm has created healthcare solutions for charitable hospitals to help them to improve the level of patient care more effectively and use their resources to treat more patients who cannot afford healthcare. Through his active support of major marathons in Boston, Berlin, New York, Chicago, Amsterdam, Mumbai and Bangalore, he has helped spread a message of health awareness across the firm’s employees globally as well as in the communities it operates in. Chandra has received several awards and recognition in the business community in 2014-15. He was voted as one of CNBC TV 18 - ‘Indian Business Icons'. He was recently awarded CNN- IBN Indian of the Year 2014 in business category. Chandra was presented with the “Best CEO for 2014” by Business Today for the second consecutive year. He was voted the ‘Best CEO’ by the Institutional Investor’s 2014 Annual All-Asia Executive Team rankings. Chandra was conferred with the honorary doctorate by JNTU, Hyderabad, India (2014).  He has received Honorary Doctorate from Nyenrode Business Universiteit, Netherland's top private business school (2013). Chandra has also been conferred honorary degrees by many Indian universities such as the Gitam University, Vishakapatnam, Andhra Pradesh. (2013)  KIIT University, Bhubaneswar, Odisha (2012); and the SRM University (2010), Chennai, Tamil Nadu. Chandra was awarded the ‘Management Man of the Year’ (2013) Award from the Bombay Management Association (BMA). He was named the ‘Best CEO’ in the Technology, IT Services and Software sector in the Institutional Investors’ 2013 Annual All-Asia Executive Team Rankings.  He has also been named one of STEMconnector’s ‘100 CEO Leaders in STEM.’ He was also awarded ‘Asia Business Leader of the year’ 2012 by CNBC Asia. He was adjudged the ‘Indian of the Year 2012 - Business Leader’ by NDTV and as the ‘Business Visionary of the Year’ by NDTV Profit.  Forbes India recognised him as their ‘CEO of the Year’ in 2012. He has also received the Medal of the City of Amsterdam - Frans Banninck Coqc - in recognition of his endeavor to promote trade and economic relations between Amsterdam and India.  Chandra has spent his career in TCS, joining the company in 1987 after completing Masters in Computer Applications from Regional Engineering College, Trichy, Tamil Nadu. Beyond office, Chandra is an avid photographer, music aficionado and a passionate long-distance runner who has completed marathons in Amsterdam, Boston, Chicago Berlin, Mumbai, New York, Prague, Stockholm, Salzburg and Tokyo. Born in 1963, Chandra lives in Mumbai, with his wife Lalitha and son Pranav."
"Brad Feld is a managing director at Foundry Group, a venture capital firm focused on investing in early-stage information technology companies. He is also an American entrepreneur, author, and a blogger. He co-founded Techstars, Mobius Venture Capital, and Intensity Ventures. In addition to his investing efforts, Brad has been active with several non-profit organizations and currently is the chair of the National Center for Women & Information Technology, the co-chair of Startup Colorado, and on the board of UP Global.Feld obtained his bachelor’s and master’s degrees in management science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology."

"David Cohen is the founder and managing partner of Techstars, an Internet startup accelerator. Previously, David was a founder of several software and web technology companies. He was the founder and CTO of Pinpoint Technologies, which was acquired by ZOLL Medical Corporation (NASDAQ: ZOLL) in 1999. He was also the founder and CEO of earFeeder.com, a music service which was sold to SonicSwap.com in 2006. David is an active startup advocate, advisor, board member, and technology advisor who comments on these topics on his blog at DavidGCohen.com. He is also very active at the University of Colorado, serving as a member of the Board of Advisors of the Computer Science Department, the Entrepreneurial Advisory Board at Silicon Flatirons. David also runs the Colorado chapter of the Open Angel Forum."
"Jaydeep Barman is Co-Founder & CEO at Faasos. After his MBA from IIM Lukhnow, Jaydeep moved to Pune, Maharashtra to work for Brainvisa Technologies. Subsequently, a management programme at INSEAD, France followed and he moved to London to work as a strategy consultant at McKinsey & Co. for 5 years before moving back to India to start Faasos."
"I'm a Founder Member and Chairman of Shaping Tomorrow, a unique web-based foresight, strategy and change management portal for corporate innovation and risk management.  My specific area of research is sustainable business futures.  I'm known on conference platforms speaking on business subjects including futures, sustainability, customer loyalty and retention, business process re-engineering, change management, building strategic visions and values and people motivation and communications, ethics, alliances, technology, health, foresight, science and corporate governance. I facilitate workshops in these subjects and offer training in futures, strategy and change management drawing on the resources and tools from Shaping Tomorrow. With over 30 years' experience in Business Management in the UK, North America, and Europe, I have significant exposure to corporate banking and consumer finance and, latterly, strategic foresight. Chief Executive of Birmingham Midshires Building Society between 1990 and 1998, then the UK's 4th largest. As Chief Executive of Birmingham Midshires our team achieved a dramatic change for the better in the Society's fortunes moving from near oblivion to a highly profitable, customer-led and multiple-award-winning business in just eight years. Previously a Senior Vice President with Bank of America who I joined in 1986. I held several positions at the Bank which included Head of Europe, Middle East, and Africa operations, based in London, Head of Consumer Loans Services and Chief Financial Officer for consumer markets, based in North America (San Francisco). After spells with Hawker Siddeley, the Electricity Boards and the Post Office I began my financial services career in 1973 with Citibank NA as its first overseas process engineer, based in London. I then transferred to Italy, with subsidiary Citifin Finanziara as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President, later moving back to the UK with Citibank Savings as Vice President and Customer Services Director, and subsequently Consumer Banking Director. Served as a Non-executive Director of GallifordTry PLC (a top ten UK construction company), as managing director of a legal processing business for Salans, a firm of international lawyers and as a member of the Society of Genealogist’s Board until increasing calls on my time meant reducing my interests. Studied at Salford University, Manchester, and hold a Bachelor of Science in Electronics and a U.S. accredited MBA in Operations Research.  Conferred an Honorary Doctorate in Business Administration by the University of Wolverhampton in 1997. "
"After graduation in 1979, Rometty went to work for General Motors Institute; in 1981, she joined IBM as a systems engineer in its Detroit office. She joined IBM's Consulting Group in 1991. In 2002, she ""championed the purchase of the big business consulting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting, for $3.5 billion."" Rometty became senior vice president and group executive for sales, marketing and strategy in 2009 and is ""credited with spearheading IBM's growth strategy by getting the company into the cloud computing and analytics businesses. She was also at the helm of readying Watson, the Jeopardy! playing computer, for commercial use."" On October 25, 2011, IBM announced that she was to be the company's next president and CEO, with Sam Palmisano stepping down but retaining his position as chairman. Rometty's appointment marks the first time a woman has been CEO of IBM. Regarding her promotion, Palmisano stated, ""Ginni got it because she deserved it... It’s got zero to do with progressive social policies."" On September 26, 2012, IBM announced that Rometty was taking on the added role of chairman of IBM, as Samuel Palmisano prepared to retire at the end of 2012. Rometty commenced her duty as Chairwoman, President and CEO of IBM on October 1, 2012. One of her goals is to focus company efforts on the cloud and cognitive computing systems, such as Watson."
"As President of Cypress, Mike is instrumental in business development, financing and strategic initiatives. Prior to Cypress, Mike led business development and project finance for Strata Solar from 2011 to 2014. Before building Strata’s development and finance model, he was an attorney with Kirkland & Ellis from 2008 to 2011, where he focused on the development, financing and purchase/sale of renewable energy projects both domestically and abroad."
"Walter Scott has led LOGICnow as CEO since 2008. Under his leadership, the company has quadrupled in size and has become a market leader. Prior to this, he served as the CEO of Acronis, a provider of scalable storage management and disaster recovery software. In just three years, he increased revenues from less than $20 million to approximately $120 million for 2008.  Before that, he was the CEO of Imceda Software, where he executed a combination of leadership and marketing strategies that resulted in a successful sale of the company to Quest Software. Walter was also instrumental in Embarcadero's successful IPO in 2000.  He started his career in sales and marketing roles with Banyan Systems and BMC Software. Walter holds a bachelor's degree in marketing and a master's degree in business administration from the University of Maine."
"Sean Ironstag is an American cryptocurrency trader, environmentalist, and venture capitalist."
"Stephen Bird is Chief Executive Officer of Citi Asia Pacific, responsible for all the company's business lines across 17 markets in the region from Korea in the North to Australia in the South, including China and India. He is a member of the Citi Global Operating Committee.   Mr. Bird was previously joint CEO of Citi Asia Pacific with responsibility for North Asia. From 2006 to 2008, he was Head of Consumer Banking in Asia Pacific, responsible for the Retail Banking, Credit Cards and Consumer Lending businesses with over 30 million customer accounts across the region.   Prior to that, he served four years in Citi Japan as CEO of Credit Cards and Consumer Finance. Earlier, he was Head of Operations & Technology for Citi Latin America, covering all of Citi's businesses in 23 countries.   Mr. Bird joined Citi in 1998 in Singapore as the Asia Pacific Head for Operations & Technology. He successfully built Citi's technological and operational capability to deliver outstanding customer service and market-leading internet and mobile capability. Citi's award-winning e-commerce capabilities continue to win customer and industry recognition. He relocated to Latin America in 2001.   Prior to Citi, Mr. Bird held senior management positions in GE Capital and British Steel in the United Kingdom. At GE Capital, Mr. Bird launched its 6 Sigma program and established a client focus and continual improvement culture in GE Capital Fleet Services before becoming its Director of U.K. Operations. He is a recipient of GE's ""Pinnacle Award"" for pioneering work in establishing joint commercial ventures between GE Capital's different businesses serving the financial needs of the U.K. automotive sector.   Mr. Bird is an alumnus of Citi's Chairman's Executive Forum and GE's European Advanced Leadership program. He also serves on the Board of Asia Trustees of the Asia Society. He is a graduate of University College Cardiff with an M.B.A. in economics & finance."
"Steve Smith is senior vice president of business development for Verizon Wireless, the largest wireless company in the United States, with responsibility for the company's merger and acquisition activity, expanding the company's national footprint and acquiring additional radio frequency spectrum for new products and services. A premier technology company, Verizon Wireless operates the nation's largest and most reliable 4G LTE network. Before assuming his current position, Smith served as chief financial officer for Verizon Enterprise Solutions, responsible for overseeing strategic and financial planning. Previously, he served as president of the South Central Region for Verizon Wireless, responsible for directing sales, operations, financial performance and marketing for the region. With more than 20 years of telecommunications experience, Smith has held a variety of senior leadership positions at Verizon and its legacy companies, including vice president of transition planning and staff vice president of strategic and financial planning for Verizon Wireless. He also served as group vice president of international finance and director of international strategic planning for Verizon. Smith holds a bachelor's degree with honors in mechanical engineering technology from the State University of New York at Binghamton and an MBA with honors from the University of Rochester. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst."
"With almost 40 years of experience, Oracle CEO Mark Hurd has significant expertise in executive management and the technology industry. During Hurd’s tenure as chief executive officer at Oracle, the company has invested heavily in cloud R&D and has completed strategic acquisitions of Aconex, Datalogix, Dyn, MICROS Systems, NetSuite and Taleo. Fortifying Oracle’s success in the cloud, Mark Hurd has helped win deals with companies like AT&T, Bank of America and Office Depot, helping these organizations migrate existing database systems. He has focused the company on cloud computing through data center expansion and invested in Oracle's software-as-a-service, or SaaS, application suites. Hurd has long recognized the opportunities cloud services provide in the enterprise resource planning and HR management spaces.  After graduating with a degree in business administration from Baylor University in 1979, Hurd spent 25 years at NCR Corporation. Starting as a junior salesman, he advanced into a variety of roles in marketing, operations and management. In 2002, he was named the company’s chief operations officer and became NCR’s CEO in 2003. From 2005 to 2010, Hurd served as chairman of the board, CEO, and president of Hewlett-Packard. During Hurd’s tenure, HP met Wall Street expectations with 22 straight quarters of growth, HP’s stock price doubled and revenue rose 63 percent. Mark Hurd is currently the CEO of Oracle Corporation and a member of the company’s board of directors. Hurd joined Oracle as president in 2010. Four years later, Oracle founder Larry Ellison named Hurd and then-Oracle-CFO Safra Catz as CEOs, with Ellison becoming executive chairman and CTO. Hurd is responsible for corporate direction and strategy at Oracle. He manages various company activities in consulting, sales, marketing and support, while also engaging with Oracle partners and customers. In addition, Hurd oversees Oracle’s global business units for industries such as financial services, health sciences, retail, communications, and utilities. He is also a regular speaker at industry events and Oracle conferences.  Hurd is a strong advocate for education and has supported his alma mater through philanthropic involvement and donations to Baylor University’s tennis program and the Men’s Tennis Excellence Fund. Hurd attended the school on a tennis scholarship and has supported his alma mater through the expansion of Baylor's tennis facilities, which were named the Hurd Tennis Center in 2011. Hurd serves on the Baylor University board of regents as Vice Chair and was honored with the Baylor Legacy Award in recognition of his extraordinary service and philanthropy. In 2018, Mark and Paula Hurd contributed the lead gift for the Baylor Give Light initiative. The campaign will create the Mark and Paula Hurd Welcome Center at Baylor, a new high-tech facility with space for students, businesses and the larger Waco, Texas, community. Hurd's support of tennis extends beyond his alma mater to the Oracle Challenger Series, a series of professional tournaments designed to encourage American participation in the sport. Hurd and Oracle founder Larry Ellison developed the series in 2017 to provide new opportunities for competitive play for American players. Oracle also supports American professionals through the Oracle US Tennis Awards, an annual grant offered to one male and one female collegiate athlete to enable a successful transition to professional play. Throughout his career, Hurd has been recognized for his accomplishments and leadership. He was San Francisco Chronicle’s CEO of the Year in 2008, and was included in Forbes’ Market’s Best Managers in 2009 and Fortune’s 25 Most Powerful People in Business in 2009."
"Carlos Slim is the chairman of the Carlos Slim Foundation and Fundacion Telmex. In 1911, he established a dry goods store, La Estrella del Oriente. By 1921, he had purchased real estate in the flourishing commercial district of Mexico City. These enterprises became the source of considerable wealth. Carlos Slim was born in Mexico City, Mexico in 1940 to Maronite Catholic parents Julián Slim Haddad and Linda Helú, both of Lebanese descent. Her parents upon immigrating to Mexico had founded one of the first Arabic language magazines for the Lebanese-Mexican community, using a printing press they had brought with them. In August 1926, Carlos Slim and Linda Helú married. They had six children. He, who had been influential in the Lebanese-Mexican business community, died in 1953."

"Co-founder, CTO at  Athena Security"
"Michael is a passionate tech entrepreneur. Following his MBA from ISM Paris, Michael served as business developer EMEA for Netvibes.com, where he successfully established and managed over 150 strategic partnerships closed with leading European medias.  Michael dedicates himself on his #1 priority: Customers & Users. Perfectionist, you'll often hear him say: ""Customers will love that feature...but let's do it even better!”. As a result, you’ll not be surprised to hear that all Storific team members are working on Apple computers"
"Eric Ries is the founder and CEO of the Long-Term Stock Exchange (LTSE). The LTSE is building a new national securities exchange designed to transform the public company experience for businesses that are built-to-last. He is an entrepreneur and the author of the New York Times bestseller The Lean Startup, and of The Startup Way. Eric is the creator of the Lean Startup methodology, a global movement in business, practiced by individuals and companies around the world, and the inspiration behind his founding of the LTSE. He has founded a number of startups, including IMVU, where he served as CTO, and he has advised on business and product strategy for startups, venture capital firms, and large companies, including GE, with whom he partnered to create the FastWorks program. Eric has served as an entrepreneur-in-residence at Harvard Business School, IDEO, and Pivotal. In 2015, he ran a Kickstarter campaign to produce The Leader's Guide, which went on to become the one of the top Kickstarter book campaigns of all time. He lives in San Francisco with his wife and two children. "
"Daniel Jones is CTO of UK Cloud Foundry consultancy EngineerBetter, who have been improving value-delivery at the world’s largest banks, global wealth management firms, FTSE 100 retailers, governments and non-profit organizations. Previously Daniel was a member of the Pivotal CF London Services team, and also worked with Europe's leading CF consultancy CloudCredo. Daniel has delivered keynotes and talks at three Cloud Foundry Summits, the London PaaS User Group, as well as numerous video games industry conferences. He once even stormed the stage at a music festival to interrupt the performing act and challenge their alleged bribe-taking!"
"Prior to founding New Frontier, Carl was one of the youngest Managing Director at Blackstone and had executed some of Blackstone’s most important investments in China. He was a founding member of Blackstone Asia and was instrumental in establishing Blackstone’s businesses across China. Together with Antony Leung, he set up the first RMB Investment fund in Asia for Blackstone. Prior to moving to Hong Kong, Carl was based in Blackstone’s London office. Before joining Blackstone, he worked at UBS in London. Carl is a serial entrepreneur and has founded several internet and healthcare businesses. He is the Executive Chairman and Co-founder of Boxful Technology (largest on demand storage service provider in Asia), HelloToby Technology (online service market place), and YD Care (home healthcare service provider) and is the Chairman of Care Alliance (specialty hospital and clinic operator) and China Guizhou Big Data Fund."
"Blair Effron co-founded Centerview Partners LLC in 2006. Centerview has advised on nearly $3 trillion of transactions since its founding. The Firm’s approximately 300 professionals are in New York, London, Los Angeles, Palo Alto and San Francisco as well as additional investing offices in Palo Alto and Greenwich, Connecticut. Mr. Effron has over 30 years of investment banking experience and has advised Fortune 500 and multinational companies across a range of sectors including consumer and retail, general industrial, healthcare and media industries. Mr. Effron was previously Group Vice Chairman of UBS AG and a member of the Board of UBS Investment Bank, where he also sat on several management committees. Prior to that, Mr. Effron worked at Dillon Read & Co. for ten years.  Mr. Effron currently sits on the boards of trustees of The Council on Foreign Relations (Vice Chairman), Lincoln Center (Treasurer), the Metropolitan Museum, New Visions for Public Schools (Co-Chair), Partnership for New York City and Princeton University. He also sits on the advisory board of the Hamilton Project, an economic policy initiative affiliated with the Brookings."
"Kyle spent the last 10 years in Seattle designing and building large scale software systems focusing on travel, payment processing, search and quantitative futures trading. He recently designed and built a modern cabin in the North Cascades Mountains, where he now lives with his wife and dog. They survived their first winter in Mazama with over 15 feet of snow, and they are extremely excited to use Tastemaker to turn their home into a masterpiece. Kyle studied computer science and engineering at Dartmouth College."

"Dr. Dre is regarded as modern music’s greatest perfectionist. “We go until it happens,” he told the Los Angeles Times of his work ethic in the studio, which has paid off in over a billion dollars in sales of his productions and performances. Critically and commercially acclaimed, Dre has built a signature sound that is instantly recognizable whether he’s working with Eminem or Burt Bacharach. Born Andre Young in Compton, Calif., Dr. Dre began his career as a member of the World Class Wreckin’ Crew. In 1986, he co-founded N.W.A. (also featuring Ice Cube, MC Ren, DJ Yella, and the late Eazy-E), who brought the rage and intensity of life in South Central Los Angeles to a global consciousness with their 1988 landmark album Straight Outta Compton. In 1992, Dre released his solo debut, the G-Funk masterpiece The Chronic, which Rolling Stone hailed as one of the greatest albums ever made. Two decades later, Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg performed its classic hits “Nuthin’ but a ‘G’ Thang” and the Grammy Award-winning “Let Me Ride” as headliners at Coachella 2012. (The set also featured a hologram of the late 2Pac — a technological innovation driven by Dre that thrilled the crowd and made front-page news.) 1993 saw the release of Snoop’s solo debut, the Dre-produced Doggystyle — another rap milestone and commercial blockbuster that gave the world the hip-hop standard “Gin and Juice.” In 1996, Dr. Dre set his sights on entrepreneurial endeavors, leaving Death Row Records and launching his own company, Aftermath Entertainment. He went on to discover and nurture such next-generation hip hop superstars as 50 Cent, The Game, Kendrick Lamar, and Eminem, whose 1999 debut, The Slim Shady LP, has sold nine million copies worldwide, while his next three releases have topped 50 million units. Dr. Dre also crafted career re-defining hits for established artists like Mary J. Blige (the chart-topping “Family Affair”) and Gwen Stefani and Eve (“Let Me Blow Ya Mind”). Dre returned to rapping himself in 1999 with his second solo album, the 6x-platinum Dr. Dre 2001, which sold more than half a million copies in its first week and has been credited with introducing classic West Coast hip-hop to a new generation of listeners. In the last decade, Dr. Dre, who still works in the recording studio every day, joined forces with Interscope chief Jimmy Iovine to create Beats By Dr. Dre — a high-performance headphone and sound transmission company intent on recapturing the fidelity of the studio in an age of ear buds and tiny laptop speakers. Beats By Dr. Dre launched in 2008 with the revolutionary Studio headphones, which have become culturally iconic — the signature red B now an instantly recognizable and respected symbol. (A new generation of unsuspecting music fans finally know what bass sounds like!) Beats By Dr. Dre has secured the #1 spot in the billion+ dollar premium headphones industry and LeBron James, Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga, David Guetta and Sean “Diddy” Combs, have all created special editions. In 2009, Beats by Dr. Dre partnered with HP to produce the HP Envy notebook, integrated with Beats Audio, followed by the Beatbox iPod dock. In 2011, Beats Electronics opened a flagship retail store in New York City’s SoHo district where each of its new products is introduced. And in early 2014, Beats closed the loop with Beats Music—a streaming music service designed to bring context and culture to digital music for the first time. While a separate company from Beats Electronics, Beats Music will carry the same style, substance, and commitment to quality that define the Beats brand, which Dre closely oversees. Nearly a quarter century after Straight Outta Compton, Dr. Dre is still unpredictable and exciting; tirelessly following his creative vision and continuing to venture into the uncharted reaches of sound and technology. Whatever’s next, one thing is certain, we won’t see it “until it happens.”"
"Daymond John is an American entrepreneur, investor, television personality, author and motivational speaker. He is best known as the founder, president, and CEO of FUBU, and appears as an investor on the ABC reality television series Shark Tank."
"Jonathan M. Nelson is Providence Equity Partner's Founder and Chief Executive Officer. He has been a private equity investor for over 30 years. He founded Providence in 1989, pioneering a sector-focused strategy to private equity investing with the vision that a dedicated team of industry experts could build exceptional companies of enduring value. He serves on the Board of Directors of The Chernin Group and Univision Communications. He has also served as a director of numerous other Providence portfolio companies, including Bresnan Communications, Eircom plc, Hulu, Language Line, MetroNet (now AT&T Canada), MLS Media, VoiceStream Wireless (now Deutsche Telekom), Warner Music Group, Western Wireless Corporation (now AT&T Corp.) and Yankees Entertainment and Sports Network (YES).  Prior to founding Providence, he was a Managing Director of Narragansett Capital, which he joined in 1983. At Narragansett Capital, Mr. Nelson specialized in private equity investments in the cable television, broadcasting and publishing sectors.  He received a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School and a Bachelor of Arts from Brown University. He is a Trustee of Brown University and founder of the University’s Jonathan M. Nelson Center for Entrepreneurship, which supports a student-centered and faculty-led initiative that operates in collaboration with various other departments, schools, and centers at Brown to provide students with a strong academic grounding in entrepreneurship, blended with applied experiences and mentorship opportunities. He is also a Trustee of The Rockefeller University and Institute for Advanced Study, a member of the Board of Dean's Advisors at Harvard Business School and serves on the Board of the Newport Festivals Foundation."
"Condoleezza Rice is currently the Denning Professor in Global Business and the Economy at the Graduate School of Business; the Thomas and Barbara Stephenson Senior Fellow on Public Policy at the Hoover Institution; and a professor of Political Science at Stanford University. She is also a founding partner of RiceHadleyGates LLC.  From January 2005-2009, Rice served as the 66th Secretary of State of the United States, the second woman and first African American woman to hold the post. Rice also served as President George W. Bush’s Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs (National Security Advisor) from January 2001-2005, the first woman to hold the position.  Rice served as Stanford University’s Provost from 1993-1999, during which she was the institution's chief budget and academic officer. As Provost, she was responsible for a $1.5 billion annual budget and the academic program involving 1,400 faculty members and 14,000 students. In 1997, she also served on the Federal Advisory Committee on Gender - Integrated Training in the Military.  From 1989 through March 1991, Rice served on President George H.W. Bush’s National Security Council staff. She served as Director; Senior Director of Soviet and East European Affairs; and, Special Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs. In 1986, while an international affairs fellow of the Council on Foreign Relations, Rice also served as Special Assistant to the Director of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  Rice currently serves on the boards of KiOR, a renewable fuels company; C3 Energy, an energy software company; and Makena Capital, a private endowment firm. In addition, she is a member of the boards of the George W. Bush Institute, the Commonwealth Club, the Aspen Institute, the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, and the Boys and Girls Clubs of America.Previously, Rice has also served on various additional boards, for example: the Chevron Corporation; the Charles Schwab Corporation; the Transamerica Corporation; the University of Notre Dame; and, the San Francisco Symphony Board of Governors.  Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Rice earned her bachelor's degree in political science, cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa, from the University of Denver; her master's from the University of Notre Dame; and her Ph.D. from the Graduate School of International Studies at the University of Denver. Rice is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and has been awarded ten honorary doctorates.Condoleezza currently resides in Stanford, California."
"Carl Icahn is best known as an activist investor. He buys large stakes in companies in an attempt to gain seats on the board of directors and increase shareholder value. Some of his more recent moves involved [Yahoo](/organization/yahoo), [Take-Two Interactive](/organization/take-two-interactive-software), [Motorola](/organization/motorola), [Blockbuster](/organization/blockbuster-2) and [Time Warner](/organization/timewarner)."
"Anthony Malkin—also known as Tony Malkin—is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Empire State Realty Trust, Inc located in New York. He also serves as president of Malkin Holdings, LLC after joining in 1989. He is on the board of the Real Estate Roundtable and a member of various organizations, including the Urban Land Institute (ULI), Board of Governors of the Real Estate Board of New York, the Partnership for New York City’s Innovation Council, the Building Committee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and the Committee Encouraging Corporate Philanthropy. Mr. Malkin has been leading energy efficiency initiatives through managing the team of Clinton Climate Initiative, Johnson Controls, JLL, and Rocky Mountain Institute.  In fact, he sits on the board of the Real Estate Roundtable and is the Chair of its Sustainability Policy Advisory Committee.  Anthony Malkin has previously served as President of ESRT MH Holdings LLC and W&M Properties, Inc. Before his position at ESRT MH Holdings LLC, Mr. Malkin was an Analyst at Chemical Venture Partners, LP. Shortly thereafter, he became Principal at Anthony E. Malkin Associates.  Tony Malkin is originally from New York, New York and received a bachelor’s degree in General Studies from Harvard College where he graduated cum laude."
Jimmy Kimmel is a comedian and late-night host.
"Andreas Bruckschlögl started his first business at the age of 12, selling backpacks on eBay. A year later he founded his first online shop. In order to promote the online store better, Andreas began to learn how to optimize websites for search engines. Four years later he started another online shop for fashion, which unfortunately failed due to the high return rate. In 2008, Andreas Bruckschlögl was hired as a super trainee by online marketing expert Marcus Tandler. With the merge to Tandler.Doerje.Partner, Andreas Bruckschlögl became Head of Inbound Marketing at age 21, taking responsibility for a team of 10 employees. In February 2012, he received his diploma in direct and online marketing from the Bavarian Academy for Advertising and Marketing. Together with Marcus Tandler, Jan Hendrik Merlin Jacob and Niels Doerje, Andreas Bruckschlögl founded Ryte (former OnPage.org) in July 2012 – an innovative software for website quality management and -optimization. Today, the bootstrapped company with 42 employees is generating over 3 million Euros in revenue and is being used by over 500.000 users worldwide. Together with Dr. Bernd Storm van’s Gravesande, he started the first Bits & Pretzels event in September 2014 as a small and cozy founders breakfast. In only two years the event has grown rapidly to a 3-day festival taking place at Munich’s famous Oktoberfest with more than 5.000 attendees from around the world. Felix Haas joined the team in January 2015 as chairman and third host. Speakers at this year's event were academy award winning actor and tech investor Sir Kevin Spacey, Founder of Virgin-Group Sir Richard Branson, Airbnb Co-Founder and CTO Nathan Blecharczyk and many more. Andreas Bruckschlögl was appointed as a member of the Advisory Board of Bayern Digital, which has been convened by the Bavarian State Minister of Economics Affairs."
"Matt Keezer studied Computer Science at Concordia University. Among other ventures, Keezer has found success in the online streaming, affiliate marketing, and online travel spaces. These brands now fall under Keezer’s technology company Momentum Ventures, which was founded in 2007. Momentum Ventures’ mandate is to build winning businesses. Momentum Ventures’ flagship brands are FlightHub and JustFly. Launched in 2012, They bank $3.0 billion annually and are a leader in the North American online travel scene. From its humble beginnings, Momentum Ventures and it's subsidiaries have grown into a company of more than 1000 staff members with five global offices. Keezer currently serves as the CEO and co-founder of Momentum Ventures, ILABS, ML Inc., and FlightHub."
"Matt Murphy joined Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers in 1999. Matt focuses on multi-stage investments across mobile and cloud infrastructure technologies.  Matt is either a Director or works closely with the management teams of AppDynamics, Drawbridge, Egnyte, Insidesales.com, InstartLogic, PernixData, Puppet Labs, SessionM, Shazam, and Simplivity.  Previously, Matt was a Board Observer at Google (from initial investment to IPO), launched the iFund in ’08 (a collaborative initiative with Apple to build the defining applications on the iOS platform), and led KPCB’s investments in AutoNavi (Nasdaq: AMAP, 2010) and Aerohive Networks (Nasdaq: HIVE, 2014).  Matt also served as a Director at Shopkick (acquired by SK Planet 2014), Pelago (acquired by Groupon in 2011), Ocarina Networks (acquired by Dell in 2010), Dash Navigation (acquired by RIM in 2009) and Peakstream (acquired by Google in 2008).  Before joining KPCB, Matt led product management at semiconductor startup Netboost (acquired by Intel) and worked at Sun Microsystems, where he led business development for the Network Systems Group and was a product line manager for networking platforms.  Matt also worked in strategic and technical consulting for a number of years at Booz Allen Hamilton and Accenture.  Matt holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Tufts University and an M.B.A. from Stanford University’s Graduate School of Business."
Born in Ostend in Belgium.  passionated about photography and here family. She is the real Lucy behind the story.  She was there from the start and helped build Wetime to what it is now.
"Prior to co-founding Blink, Matthew served as an investment professional at Marble Arch Investments – a New York-based investment firm – where he was responsible for many of the firm’s technology and consumer product investments.  Prior to his time at Marble Arch, Matthew was an investment professional at Merchants’ Gate Capital, specializing in the retail, industrials and business services industries. Before joining Merchants’ Gate, Matthew served as an investment banker for Citigroup after graduating from Yale with a BA in Biology."
"Dong Nguyen, is a Vietnam-based developer and programmer who is best known for creating the popular mobile game called Flappy Bird, which eventually rooted to countless more games after its deletion in 2014. He works for the company, .GEARS (dotGears) studios, which specializes in creating simple retro pixelated games rather than the more complex ones seen today. Flappy Bird was said to be developed in around two to three days, the character taken from one of Nguyen's cancelled projects back in 2012. He has a sister named Ding. Source: [Flappy Bird Wiki](http://flappybird.wikia.com/wiki/Dong_Nguyen)"
"Stephen M. Ross is the Chairman and Founder of Related Companies, an international real estate firm that has developed over $22 billion in property and owns real estate assets valued at over $20 billion. Mr. Ross is also the owner of the NFL’s Miami Dolphins, a franchise that has become one of the most fan-friendly under his leadership. In 2012, Mr.Ross partnered with Matt Higgins to found RSE Ventures, a multi-national technology, sports and entertainment venture firm. As the Chairman of RSE, Mr.Ross has overseen a number of initiatives including: an investment partnership with Gary Vaynerchuk, the incubation of five distinct businesses, and the creation of the International Champions Cup; a global pre-season soccer tournament.  In addition to this, Mr.Ross serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Equinox Holdings, Inc. and a trustee of Lincoln Center. He is also a trustee of New York-Presbyterian Hospital and the Guggenheim Foundation. Throughout his career, Mr.Ross has received numerous awards and honors for his business, civic, and philanthropic activities. Most recently, he was named a New York Power Player by the New York Times, the Most Powerful Person in New York Real Estate by the New York Observer, Multi-Family Property Executive of the Year by Commercial Property News, and Housing Person of the Year by the National Housing Conference. Mr.Ross graduated from the University of Michigan with a BA in Business Administration and later received his JD from Wayne State University Law School. In 2004, the University of Michigan honored Mr.Ross by renaming their business school to the Stephen M. Ross School of Business."
"Patrick O. Brown is CEO and founder of Impossible Foods, a company at the forefront of making nutritious, delicious meat and dairy products from plants to satisfy meat lovers and address the environmental impact of animal farming.  The idea for Impossible Foods came to Pat while he was on sabbatical from his position as an HHMI investigator and professor of biochemistry at the Stanford University School of Medicine. In reflecting on how he could use his training and experience to make the largest positive impact on the world, he realized there was a way to make delicious, affordable meat and dairy products, directly from plants – that would be better for the environment and for consumers. In 2011, Pat chose to devote himself full time to Impossible Foods.  After receiving his BA, MD and PhD (in Biochemistry) at the University of Chicago, Pat completed a residency in pediatrics at Chicago’s Children’s Memorial Hospital. As a fellow with Mike Bishop and Harold Varmus, he defined the mechanism by which HIV and other retroviruses incorporate their genes into the genomes of the cells they infect.  At Stanford, Pat and colleagues developed DNA microarrays – a new technology that made it possible to monitor the activity of all the genes in a genome – along with the first methods for analyzing, visualizing and interpreting global gene expression programs.  He pioneered the use of gene expression patterns to classify cancers and improve prediction of their clinical course. He has also been a leader in making scientific and medical research results freely available to scientists, physicians and the public. With Harold Varmus, then Director of the National Institutes of Health, and Berkeley professor Michael Eisen, he founded the Public Library of Science, a nonprofit scientific publisher that has transformed the publishing industry by making scientific and medical research results freely available to the public.  He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences and the Institute of Medicine and recipient of the American Cancer Society Medal of Honor. He is also the co-founder of Lyrical Foods, Inc., maker of Kite Hill artisanal nut-milk-based cheeses and yogurts."
"Richard hails from Tulsa. He has earned degrees from the University of Oklahoma and Stanford. (Go Sooners and Cardinals!) Before starting Pied Piper, he worked for Hooli as a part time software developer. While his work focuses on applied information theory, mostly optimizing lossless compression schema of both the length-limited and adaptive variants, his non-work interests range widely, everything from quantum computing to chaos theory. He could tell you about it, but THAT would NOT be a “length-limited” conversation!"
"Timothy Ferriss is a start-up angel investor Twitter, Posterous, RescueTime and others, blogger and entrepreneur.  Tim's best-known written work is The 4-Hour Workweek, which had been sold into 35 languages and reached #1 on The New York Times, BusinessWeek and The Wall Street Journal bestseller lists.  On May 3, 2009, it celebrated its 2nd straight year on The New York Times business bestseller list since its publication on April 27, 2007.  Tim is a Guest Lecturer in High-Tech Entrepreneurship and Electrical Engineering at Princeton University since 2003.  Other education-related interests includes social media-based fundraising experiments, such as LitLiberation, which outraised television host Stephen Colbert 3-to-1 with no fixed costs. Most recently, Tim used Twitter as a distributed tool for gathering data on post-campaign donations (see Tweet to Beat).  Tim is on the advisory board of DonorsChoose.org, Evernote, StumbleUpon, Trippy, about.me, TaskRabbit and Uber.  Tim has been invited to speak at some of the world’s most innovative organizations, including Google, MIT, Harvard Business School, Nike, PayPal, Facebook, The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), Microsoft, Ask.com, Nielsen, Princeton University, the Wharton School and the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Tim has also been invited to speak and keynote at world-renowned technology summits including EG, FOO Camp, E-Tech, Supernova, LeWeb, and the Web 2.0 Exposition, where he shared the stage with figures like Eric Schmidt, Chairman of the Board of Google, and Jeff Bezos, Founder and CEO of Amazon.  Tim received his B.A. degree from Princeton University in 2000, where he studied in the Neuroscience and East Asian Studies departments."

"Tina Sharkey is an entrepreneur and investor, passionate about building movements with soul and social-minded businesses at scale. Most recently, she co-founded Brandless, a new kind of company, a community that puts people first and makes better products at a fairer price: $3. Previously, Tina was a Venture Partner at Sherpa. She has served as the Chairman and Global President of BabyCenter, a Johnson and Johnson company where she was also a leader in the global consumer group. Tina led Networks and Community at AOL, and co-founded iVillage, where she coined the term social media. Tina currently sits on the Board of Directors of Brandless, ipsy and Brit + Co, and is a Henry Crown Fellow at the Aspen Institute. She is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, has been named one of Entrepreneur’s Most Daring Entrepreneurs in 2017 and a Top Woman in Retail by Total Retail in 2018."
"Dylan Taylor is a global business leader and philanthropist. He is an active pioneer in the space exploration industry as a CEO, investor, thought leader and futurist. Early in his career, Dylan was a pioneer in the electronics industry. Later, he excelled as a Fortune 1000 executive and board member in several multi-national service firms with CEO level responsibility exceeding $3B dollars and leading teams with over 16,000 employees.  Dylan has been cited by Harvard University, SpaceNews, the BBC, Pitchbook, CNBC and others as having played a seminal role in the growth of the private space industry. As an early-stage investor in more than 50 emerging ventures, including Accion, Kepler, York, Vector Space, Astrobotic, Made in Space, Relativity, and Planet, Dylan is widely considered the most active private space investor in the world. Currently, Dylan serves as Chairman & CEO of Voyager Space Holdings, a multi-national space holding firm that acquires and integrates leading space exploration enterprises globally.  Dylan’s technical background, global business experience and unbridled passion for space make him a unique figure within his industry. He regularly speaks and writes about the future of the space economy and is sought after by the media for his expertise in the financial aspects of space investing as well as industry dynamics. As a writer and columnist, he has written several widely read pieces on the future of the space industry for SpaceNews, ROOM and Apogeo. As a speaker, Dylan has keynoted many of the major space conferences and has appeared regularly on both Bloomberg and CNBC. Dylan is a leading advocate of space manufacturing and the utilization of in-space resources to further space exploration and settlement. In 2017 he became the first private citizen to manufacturer an item in space when the gravity meter he co-designed and commissioned was 3D printed on the International Space Station. The historic item is now housed in the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago. Dylan has also had an extensive philanthropic impact on the space industry. In 2017, Dylan founded the nonprofit, Space for Humanity, which seeks to democratize space exploration and develop solutions to global issues through the scope of human awareness to help solve the world’s most intractable problems. Additionally, Dylan is the Co-Founding Patron of the Commercial Spaceflight Federation, which seeks to promote the growth of commercial space activity. Additionally Dylan serves as a strategic advisor for both the Archmission and the Human Spaceflight Program. Dylan is also the founder of the popular space philosophy website 2211.world as well as the Ad Astra Dinners, a Jeffersonian styled dinner series featuring some of the world’s leading influencers discussing the future of humanity in space. For his influence as a global leader and his commitment to creating a positive impact on the world, Dylan has been honored with numerous personal and professional accolades in recent years. The World Economic Forum recognized Dylan as a Young Global Leader in 2011 and he was named a Henry Crown Fellow of the Aspen Institute in 2014. In 2013, Dylan Taylor was awarded Mid-market awards ‘Mid-Market Rising Star of the Year.’ Dylan is also a Delphi Fellow for Big Think, a digital knowledge forum that brings together top thinkers from around the world to collaborate and share ideas. Among his other career accomplishments, Dylan Taylor was inducted into the Leadership Hall of Fame of the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals (IAOP) in 2016.  Dylan Taylor earned an MBA in Finance and Strategy from the Booth School of Business at University of Chicago and holds a BS in Engineering from the honors college at the University of Arizona, where he graduated Tau Beta Pi and in 2018 was named Alumnus of the year. In 2013, he attended the Global Leadership and Public Policy for the 21st Century program at Harvard University. In his spare time, Dylan enjoys hiking, competing in triathlons and spending time outdoors. He is married to author Gabrielle V. Taylor and has two teenage daughters."
"Girish Mathrubootham founded Freshdesk in 2010, and as the CEO, has been setting the vision and direction for the company since inception. Prior to founding Freshdesk, Girish was the VP of Product Management at ManageEngine, a division of Zoho Corp, where he was responsible for setting worldwide product strategy and overseeing product marketing, product management, and customer support. In addition to the pedigree of having some of the happiest customers in the world, he is also the reigning in-house Foosball champion."
"Mostafa Kandil is founder & CEO of Egypt based transport app Swvl, a premium mass transit system that provide buses to every neighbourhood in Cairo. It allows people to share a ride in a van or bus during morning and evening commutes for a fixed fare."
"Zachariah is the CEO and cofounder of Ro. Founded in 2017, Ro is a healthcare technology company with a mission to provide personalized healthcare to everyone on the planet. Ro has three end-to-end verticals: Roman (men’s health), Rory (women’s health), and Zero (fighting addiction). As CEO and cofounder, Zachariah leads all medical and regulatory operations and oversees all verticals. Zachariah was named Inc. Magazine’s 30 Under 30, Business Insider’s 30 Under 40 in Healthcare, and a finalist in EY's Entrepreneur of the Year. Ro was named #2 in Wellness in Fast Company’s World’s Most Innovative Companies 2019."
"Kevin Moore has 10 years experience as an angel/opportunity investor and operator. Prior to that, he has over 15 years of progressive technology i-banking, corp dev, and CFO experience at startups and $Bn corporates. "
"Jeff Green is founder and CEO of The Trade Desk, Inc., a demand-side platform that powers the desks of the world’s most advanced buyers in online advertising. Green built The Trade Desk as second-generation demand-side platform, positioning it at the center of online advertising’s trading future by offering efficient, transparent technology. Since its inception in 2009, the company has grown on pace with the now-$3B RTB industry, having been included as an alpha partner in Facebook’s launch of the Facebook Exchange, and having been recently being named one of OnMedia’s “35 [Private Companies] to Watch.” By focusing on the technology of the buy-side, Green has shaped The Trade Desk into one of the fastest growing companies in ad tech. He was a finalist for the Ernst & Young 2013 Entrepreneur of the Year award for Greater Los Angeles. Prior to The Trade Desk, Green founded AdECN, which he built in 2004 as the world’s first online advertising exchange. As COO, he led all strategy, product, and business development. AdECN was acquired by the Microsoft Corporation within three years of launch. At Microsoft, Green not only oversaw the AdECN exchange business, but also all reseller and channel partner business. Additionally, he advised the all-up strategy for the Online Services Division. In 2009, Green left to launch The Trade Desk. Green has also played a leadership role in the ad tech industry, having served on the Networks and Exchanges Quality Assurance Guidelines Committee for the Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB) from 2011-2012. Green led working groups that established rules and best practices for acquiring inventory, and set data transaction standards."
"Joshua Reeves is the CEO and Co-Founder of Gusto. He believes in the power of software to solve complex problems and founded ZenPayroll to provide businesses with modern, delightful payroll. Prior to co-founding ZenPayroll, Joshua was the CEO and co-founder of unwrap, which created the Buzzeo social application development platform. unwrap was acquired by Context Optional in 2010 and subsequently, Joshua served as a strategist at Context Optional until its acquisition by Efficient Frontier in 2011. Joshua has also served as a product manager at Zazzle, where he was responsible for the Seller's product roadmap and experience. Joshua holds a BS and MS in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University, where he was a Mayfield Fellow and a recipient of the Terman Engineering award."
"Brian Kelly is the chief executive officer of Kendra Scott Design.  He is a corporate finance executive and CPA with over twenty years of experience in diverse industries, including hospitality, cable and telecommunications, and professional services. Possesses strong SEC experience with significant merger and acquisition activity, from due diligence through integration. Thrives in the ambiguity of startup environments, with a proven ability to lead all levels of an organization, from the field to the boardroom.  He earned his degree at University of Notre Dame."
"Eric Corl has spent 15 years building companies that help entrepreneurs thrive in their development and launch. He has been featured by Bloomberg, MSNBC, Forbes, Entrepreneur.com, and BizJournals as an expert contributor on startup topics over the past 10 years.  Corl's companies have been recognized by Inc Magazine 3 Times as the fastest growing privately held companies in the United States. Eric has been a member of the founding teams of Startups.co Idea Buyer, and Fundable.com. While still a student at Ohio State University, Corl was part of the founding team of Startups.co, one of the first online funding platforms that helps connect entrepreneurs with investors. The company has since grown to over 400,000 members and over 20,000 active accredited investors. Corl co-founded Fundable.com in 2011, an online crowdfunding platform for small businesses. Eric was recognized by the White House as one of the top 100 entrepreneurs under 30 by the Obama Adminstration and was honored at the White House. Eric Corl grew the company he founded in 2007, Idea Buyer, to a 3X Inc 5000 award recipient, joining less than 5% of the companies featured to make the list three times in a row. The company is based in Columbus, OH suburb Dublin, OH - the same area of Wendy's International. Eric Corl resides in Columbus, Ohio where he serves as the President & CEO of Idea Buyer, LLC. The company has upside interest in more than 1,500 products and technologies on the market. Products Idea Buyer has worked on sell/have been sold by stores like Target, Buy Buy Baby, Macy's, Dick's Sporting Goods, Cabela's, Bass Pro, Sportsman's Warehouse, Home Depot, Ace Hardware, Menard's, and WalMart. Mr. Corl is an advocate for small businesses and entrepreneurs in the United States and believes entrepreneurship is the most critical economic growth engine in the economy that must be nourished."
"James Cameron is the chairman of the Overseas Development Institute, UK’s leading independent think tank on international development and humanitarian issues.  He is also a member of HM Treasury’s Infrastructure UK advisory council, a unit of the UK Treasury that works on the UK’s long-term infrastructure priorities and secures private sector investment.  He was a founder and non-executive Chairman of Climate Change Capital from 2004-2015, an environmental asset management and advisory business that advised and invested in companies driven by the financial rewards associated with sustainable, low carbon growth.  Prior to CCC, James was Counsel to Baker & McKenzie and was the founder and the head of their Climate Change and Clean Energy Practice.  He has spent much of his legal career working on climate change matters, including negotiating the UNFCCC and Kyoto Protocol, and has appeared in several of the leading cases in international and environmental law.  James has also served as an advisor, board member and chair on over 10 prominent climate change councils, projects, and institutes internationally. James has held academic positions at Cambridge, London, Bruges and Sydney and is currently affiliated with the Yale Centre for Environmental Law and Policy.  He was educated at University of Western Australia, University College London (LLB), Queens’ College, Cambridge (LLM), and Inner Temple (called to the Bar 1987)."
"Manuel A. Henriquez is the co-founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Hercules Technology Growth Capital. Henriquez is a 25-year veteran of the venture capital and financing community. Under his leadership, the firm has completed investments of more than $3.6 billion to over 230 companies. Prior to co-founding the Company, Henriquez was a Managing Director at VantagePoint Venture Partners from August 2000 through July 2003 where he focused on technology investments. He is also the former president and chief investment officer of Comdisco Ventures, a division of Comdisco, Inc., a leading technology and financial services company, from November 1999 to March 2000. Prior to that, from March 1997 to November 1999, Henriquez was a Managing Director of Comdisco Ventures and a senior member of the investment team that originated over $2.0 billion of equipment lease, debt and equity transactions from 1997 to 2000. Henriquez received a B.S. in Business Administration from Northeastern University and is a member of the University’s Board of Directors. He also serves on the Board of Directors for the Lucile Packard Foundation as well as the Children’s Health Council and is a long time advocate for children's health and education. He also previously served on the Board of Directors for Charles Armstrong School, an independent elementary and middle school that serves students with language-based learning differences."
"Yoni Assia is the CEO of eToro, the world’s largest social investment network. He has shown an interest in finance and computer science since his youth and so decided to merge his passions. It was this very passion along with the social revolution, which led to the founding and development of eToro’s investment network, where users connect, share, trade and invest in the world’s financial markets.  Yoni is as passionate about his business, as he is for his family, wife plus 4 kids, which often results in excessive use of the word awesome, and hi-fives around the office. It’s this young CEO’s vision to disrupt the old banking industry and replace it with a new online transparent and social financial system for the benefit for everyone.  Yoni is a member of the YPO, and was included by Financial News in its prestigious Fintech 40 ranking and by City A.M. as a Fintech 100 top influencer.  Yoni holds a B.Sc. in Computer Science and Management and an MSC in Computer Sciences"
"Neil Armstrong - Mr. Armstrong has over thirty years’ experience in the real estate industry including site selection, appraisal, financing and investment consulting on small and large scale, proposed and existing real estate projects across the country. Clients have included major (and small) financial institutions, REITs, rating agencies, governmental agencies, and large and small investors and developers. His experience includes virtually all types of residential and commercial real estate. He is well versed at using creative deal structure to provide solutions when conventional methods don’t work. His extensive network of strategic relationships helps to provide a wide array solutions to most types of real estate situations."
"Redefining cool for a new generation, Pharrell Williams is a creative force, using music, fashion and design to express his distinctive style. From his beginnings as a teenage prodigy and multi-instrumentalist in Virginia Beach back in the early '90s through enough hits to earn him Billboard's  Producer of the Decade in 2010 to his current status as multi-media superstar, Williams has never stopped creating. Starting his producing career as one half of The Neptunes with Chad Hugo, Williams has helped create such classics as Daft Punk's ""Get Lucky,"" Robin Thicke's ""Blurred Lines,"" Nelly's ""Hot in Herre,"" Jay-Z's ""I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me),"" Britney Spears' ""I'm a Slave 4 U"" and Justin Timberlake's ""Like I Love You."" With over 100 million copies of his productions sold, his music sounds like something no one else has thought of just yet. He's also created a new way of looking at established stars like Snoop Dogg, Madonna and even the Rolling Stones. Over four albums, Williams and Hugo along with Shae Haley created an unpredictable hybrid as part of the alt-rock/hip-hop group N.E.R.D. The music industry has honored Pharrell with seven Grammy Awards (including 2004's and 2014's ""Producer of the Year"") and ASCAP's prestigious Golden Note Award in 2012. He also received a 2014 Academy Award nomination for his original song ""Happy"" featured in the animated film Despicable Me 2.  ""Happy"" remained atop the Billboard Hot 100 chart for 10 consecutive weeks, peaked at No. 1 on iTunes in 103 markets worldwide and is the lead single off of his newest album G I R L.  Pharrell's second solo album G I R L,  was released on March 3, 2014 to rave reviews. His prolific body of work also ranges from designing a sculpture with Tokyo-born artist Takashi Murakami to accessories and jewelry for luxury goods brand Louis Vuitton to T-shirts for Japanese mega-brand Uniqlo to adidas sportswear and to the forthcoming perfume collaboration with Comme des Garcons. Pharrell's work in the humanitarian field is an extension of his humble success. In 2008, he founded From One Hand To AnOTHER (FOHTA), a foundation focused on supporting the Pharrell Williams Resource Centers' learning programs for underserved youth in at-risk communities across the nation. This past March, Pharrell partnered with the United Nations Foundation to celebrate the International Day of Happiness inspiring individuals all over the globe to demonstrate their unique ""happy."" Now, with his latest venture i am OTHER - a multi-media creative collective that serves as an umbrella for all his endeavors, including Billionaire Boys Club; ICECREAM apparel, textile company Bionic Yarn and a dedicated YouTube channel - Williams's vision continues to push pop culture forward. This fall, Pharrell continued to spread this vision and happiness, having recently completed a 23-date ""Dear G I R L"" tour across Europe. He can currently be seen as a coach on Season 8 of The Voice."
"Amit Gupta completed his undergraduate studies from Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur in Mechanical Engineering in the year 2000. Growing usage of mobile phones in the developing markets inspired Amit to co-found InMobi in 2007. Amit aspires for InMobi to be one of the most successful internet product companies across the global emerging out of India. Amit heads InMobi's Revenue and Operations and responsible for taking company to a sustainable profitability mark. He has played an instrumental role in expanding InMobi's footprint to multiple markets across 5 continents. Amit has been a serial entrepreneur, prior to InMobi, Amit founded Analyticsworks, a company that offered a platform for business intelligence. His professional experience include hot start ups like Andale where worked directly with the CEO to help initiate new areas of revenues for the company, Aditi that gave him hands on experience on building software and a large multinational bank Citigroup where he helped to start scalable business intelligence unit for their consumer finance business. Amit is passionate about entrepreneurship. He has been helping several young entrepreneurs by advising them on every aspect of running a start up. He has received a highly coveted Distinguish Alumni Award from his alma mater for his exceptional entrepreneurial achievements. Earlier in the year, InMobi was recognized by MIT Technology Review as one of the top 50 disruptive companies in the world for 2013."
"Ankur Warikoo is an Internet entrepreneur based in India.  He is the founder & CEO of nearbuy.com - India's largest O2O (Online to offline) marketplace.  nearbuy.com works with over 35,000+ local merchants across FnB, Health, Beauty, Wellness, Entertainment, Travel and Shopping - covering 33+ cities in India - allowing customers to discover these merchants and save money each time they step out.  Prior to nearbuy.com, Warikoo was head of Groupon's APAC business managing India, Indonesia, Thailand and Philippines. nearbuy.com was the result of a management buyout in Aug 2015 - converting Groupon's India business into nearbuy.  Previously Warikoo was MD of Rocket Internet India and helped setup the early foundation of Jabong.com. Warikoo's first startup was Accentium Web, which built several websites in the Indian Consumer Space, namely SecondShaadi.com (India's largest matrimonial service for remarriages), Gaadi.com (India's 2nd largest Car Portal), amongst others. Warikoo is a graduate from the Class of 2006 at ISB, Hyderabad where he completed his MBA.  He has holds a MS Physics degree from Michigan State University and a BS Physics degree from Hindu College, Delhi University.  Warikoo is part of India's FORTUNE 40 Under 40 List and is a social media influencer with over 500,000+ followers across various platforms. He is a regular motivational and leadership speaker. "
"Donald John Trump (born June 14, 1946) is an American business magnate, investor, author, television personality and the newly elected President of the United States in the 2016 presidential election. He is the chairman and president of The Trump Organization, and the founder of Trump Entertainment Resorts. Trump's career, branding efforts, lifestyle and outspoken manner helped make him a celebrity, a status amplified by the success of his NBC reality show, The Apprentice. Trump is a son of Fred Trump, a New York City real estate developer. He worked for his father's firm, Elizabeth Trump & Son, while attending the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and officially joined the company in 1968. In 1971, he was given control of the company, renaming it The Trump Organization. Trump remains a major figure in American real estate. On June 16, 2015, Trump formally announced his candidacy for president in the 2016 election, seeking the nomination of the Republican Party. Trump's early campaigning drew intense media coverage and saw him rise to high levels of popular support.  Since early July 2015, he has consistently been the front-runner in public opinion polls for the Republican Party nomination. [Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Trump)"
"Anand Mishra begun as a software programmer, and later in 2010, he founded a company, Star Infranet, which has built remarkable reputation since its foundation. Not only did he achieve recognition as a young entrepreneur, but also contributed to various achievements of the company. Becoming a professional in IT industry is a title he deserved, as he has been investing a lot of knowledge and time in creating the niche for himself. Because of all the experience he previously gained, which includes consulting top travel companies in India, and thanks to his determination and hard-working, he succeeded in building a remarkable reputation for many companies. CEO of Star Infranet, Anand Mishra, is well known for his creative and unique ideas, as well as out-of-the-box thinking. Because of his determination, leadership skills, knowledge and innovative ideas, he has improved the company’s performance and has provided it with various business opportunities. Considered as a computer visionary, Mr. Anand Mishra managed to accomplish all of his projects successfully. However, as he says, he owes all his success to his team of highly qualified professionals. Star Infranet is the registered trademark of Tathastu Information Technology Private Limited, a company privately funded by Information TV Pvt. Ltd."
"Andrew J Scott, Founding Partner – based in London & San Francisco. 20 years in technology, founder of 6 startups; investor since 2014. As founder launched the world’s first location based social network (Playtxt 2001; patented), online digital news archive (BritishPathe.com, 2002), trust graph/recommendation engine using machine learning (Rummble, 2007; patented). In-between did strategy consulting for VCs and Corporates including Astra Zeneca, AT&T and Alcatel Lucent. Andrew is also co-founder of ICE, a non-profit global network of tech founders and investors, established in 2009. Specialisms include: D2C, social & market networks, B2B SaaS and quantum computing."
"Steven Galanis is the CEO of Cameo, the world’s leading marketplace for personalized video shoutouts. He launched the company in 2016 with co-founders Martin Blencowe & Devon Townsend after seeing a personalized video message taped by a prominent NFL player congratulating a friend on the birth of his son. To date the company has sold over 75,000 Cameos and seen over 4,500 athletes, actors, and influencers join the platform. He was named to Chicago Inno's 2018 ""50 on Fire"" list. He is LinkedIn alum who previously worked as a trader on the floor of the Chicago Board Options Exchange, and founder of two film investment companies where he produced movies featuring stars such as Bruce Willis and Robert De Niro. Outside of work he is an avid Chicago sports fan and serves on the Board of Directors for Habitat for Humanity Chicago. Steven is a 2010 graduate of Duke University where he majored in History."

"He earned an AB from Brown in Economics with a special focus on economic and business history, and an MBA with Distinction from Harvard Business School. Alumnus of Bain & Company, Filene's Basement, The Walt Disney Company, Industrial Shoe Warehouse, eBay, and currently serving as the founder of Harrison Metal, an early stage venture capital firm in San Francisco."
"Charles Delingpole is Founder and CEO of ComplyAdvantage, a technology company focused on wiping out financial crime using Machine Learning. As CEO, Charles leads the product development and growth of the company. His passion for the issue came from his time as the MLRO of a previous startup he founded when he realized how inefficient processes around money laundering are. Over 99% of money laundering is successful, ComplyAdvantage is working to stop it completely. Founded in 2014 with offices in London, New York, Singapore, and Cluj, ComplyAdvantage work with over 350 firms across 45 countries. Charles set up his first company, The Student Room Group, now the world’s largest student discussion forum when he was 16. After completing his MA in Politics at Trinity College Cambridge, and then an MSc in Management, Strategy, and Finance from the LSE, he became an associate at J.P. Morgan Cazenove."
"Ali is the CEO and co-founder of Databricks, responsible for the growth and international expansion of the company.  He previously served as the VP of Engineering and Product Management before taking the role of CEO in January 2016. In addition to his work at Databricks, Ali serves as an adjunct professor at UC Berkeley and is on the board at UC Berkeley’s RiseLab.  Ali was one of the original creators of open source project, Apache Spark, and ideas from his academic research in the areas of resource management and scheduling and data caching have been applied to Apache Mesos and Apache Hadoop. Ali received his MBA from Mid-Sweden University in 2003 and PhD from KTH/Royal Institute of Technology in Sweden in 2006 in the area of Distributed Computing."
"Brian is the CEO at Trunk Club, and he is excited to help change the way men shop.  Now leading his second venture-backed fashion start-up, Brian is focused on making it incredibly easy for guys to discover awesome clothing without the hassles of the traditional shopping experience.  Prior to leading Trunk Club, Brian founded Bonobos, a men’s clothing company that is famous for the best fitting pants on earth. Under the leadership of Brian and his co-founder Andy, Bonobos was named one of the fifty hottest brands in America by AdAge in 2009.  Brian holds an MBA from Stanford and a BA from Princeton."
"Thirukumaran Nagarajan, an Anna University-CEG and IIM K alumnus, has over 9 years of experience. He is a serial entrepreneur, has built Shout App and Eduraft, before starting Ninjacart."
"Since joining Battery Ventures in 1998, Michael has made, or managed, multiple investments in the areas of financial services, enterprise software and technology-enabled business services. Michael currently serves on the board of ExactTarget, Fingerhut Direct Marketing, Panjiva, and TradeKing. In addition, he has been actively involved with Battery's investments in ChemConnect (acquired by InterContinental Exchange), The London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange (LIFFE) (acquired by Euronext), MRU Holdings, and OutlookSoft Corporation (acquired by SAP).  From 1996 to 1998, Michael was a member of the High Technology Group at Goldman, Sachs & Co., where he worked on numerous debt and equity financings and merger and acquisition assignments. Previously, he was a Financial Analyst within Goldman's Financial Institutions Group between 1994 and 1996, where he focused on merger and acquisition assignments within asset management, insurance, specialty finance and retail/mortgage banking. Michael graduated magna cum laude from Georgetown University with a dual BS in Finance and International Business."
"Jeff Kearl is a Managing Director at Pelion Ventures. He previously served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Stance. He previously Co-founded Precedent Investments in 2012. He previously served as a Venture Partner at Zetta Venture Partners. He previously served as Chief Strategy Officer and Chief Marketing Officer of Arteis, Inc. He previously served as Director of Strategy and New Ventures for Hewlett Packard. Jeff previously worked as an Associate at vSpring Capital. Jeff founded Freeport.com, Inc. and served as its Vice President of Business Development & Product Marketing. He served as the Chairman of Skullcandy, Inc. (NASDAQ: SKUL) from 2005 to 2013. He is currently on the board of directors of Scopely, Just Water and Domo (NASDAQ: DOMO). Jeff Kearl holds a BA in Marketing from Brigham Young University."
"Jason Brown is the CEO and co-founder of Tally, an AI-powered consumer fintech company making it easier for people to achieve their financial goals. Growing up in a family that struggled financially, Jason started Tally to democratize financial services and put billions of dollars back in people’s pockets. As a repeat entrepreneur, Jason previously co-founded venture-backed consumer solar finance company Gen110 and subscription-based tech support company Bask.com. Jason holds a BS from Boston University and an MBA from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business."
"Miguel Patricio is our Chief Marketing Officer. Born in 1966, he is a Portuguese citizen and holds a Degree in Business Administration from Fundação Getulio Vargas in São Paulo.  Prior to joining Ambev in 1998, Mr. Patricio held several senior positions across the Americas at Philip Morris, the Coca-Cola Company and Johnson & Johnson. At Ambev, he was Vice President Marketing, before being appointed Vice President Marketing of InBev’s North American Zone based in Toronto in January 2005. In January 2006 he was promoted to Zone President North America, and in January 2008, he moved to Shanghai to take on the role of Zone President Asia Pacific. He became our Chief Marketing Officer in July 2012."
"Nir Eyal is a writer at Nir and Far, a blog that cover aspects of psychology, technology, and business in relation to user experience design, behavioral economics, and neuroscience. On Nir and Far, Eyal writes to help companies create behaviors that benefit their users, while educating people on how to build healthful habits in their own lives. He also writes for TechCrunch, Forbes, and Psychology Today, and is also a frequent speaker at industry conferences and Fortune 500 companies. Eyal is the author of “Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products” and lectures at the Stanford Graduate School of Business and Design School. His prior work experience includes his time in the video gaming and advertising industries. Eyal holds a degree from Harvard University and an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business."
"Mr. Linton is the founder of Canopy Growth Corporation (CGC) and co-founder of Tweed Marijuana Inc. Bruce’s primary focus has been to position cannabis brands in a competitive market and to raise the capital necessary to fund such operations. Bruce’s experience as a founder, CEO, and Board member across a wide variety of enterprises has influenced the positive start of Canopy Growth, which to date has enjoyed market support for capital raises of over $150 million and the distinction of being the first company in the industry to be offered debt instruments by a federal lender. Bruce has led three M&A transactions valued over $500 million total since founding CGC. In addition to his leadership responsibility at Canopy Growth, Bruce is the CEO of communications company Martello Technologies. After beginning his career at Newbridge Networks Corporation, he has since held positions that include General Manager and Re-Founder of Computerland.ca, President and Co-Founder of webHancer Corp, and part of the establishing team at CrossKeys Systems Corporation. He was also part of the leadership team for the NASDAQ/TSX initial public offering at CrossKeys. Bruce has been responsible for the acquisition and/or disposition of over $600 million in business assets, and has established regular engagement with the World Bank and Asia Development Bank while focused on markets in India, Philippines, China, Peru, Colombia, Ecuador, Azerbaijan and Uzbekistan. He is the past Chairman of the Ottawa Community Loan Foundation, past Board Member and Treasurer of Canada World Youth past Board of Governor for Carleton University, past President of the Nepean Skating Club and past President of the Carleton University Students Association."
"Anne Boden is the CEO and Founder of Starling Bank, a UK mobile challenger bank. She is a banker and technologist with more than 30 years of experience building and running global banking and payments businesses.  Before Starling she was the Chief Operating Officer of Allied Irish Banks Plc with responsibility for returning the bank to profitability. Prior to this she headed Europe, Middle East & Africa across 34 countries for Global Transaction Banking at RBS & ABN Amro.  Anne was awarded an MBE in June 2018 for services to Financial Technology and in July 218 an honorary Doctorate from Middlesex University."

"Josh Kopelman has been an active entrepreneur and investor in the Internet industry since its commercialization. In 1992, while he was a student at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, Josh co-founded Infonautics Corporation – and took it public on the NASDAQ stock exchange in 1996. Josh founded Half.com in July of 1999, and led it to become one of the largest sellers of used books, movies and music in the world. Half.com was acquired by eBay in July 2000 – and Josh remained with eBay for three years, running the Half.com business unit and growing eBay’s Media marketplace to almost half a billion dollars in annual gross merchandise sales. In late 2003 Josh helped to found TurnTide, an anti-spam company that created the world's first anti-spam router. TurnTide was acquired by Symantec just six months later. Josh co-founded First Round Capital in 2004 to reinvent seed-stage investing. Since that time, the firm has invested in over 300 emerging technology startups – becoming one of the most active venture capital firms in the country. For the last five years, Josh has consistently ranked in the top 20 on the Forbes “Midas List” which ranks the top 100 tech investors, earning the number four spot in 2014. Josh has been named one of the top ten ‘angel investors’ in the United States by Newsweek magazine, one of ""Tech's New Kingmakers"" by Business 2.0 magazine and a ""Rising VC Star"" by Fortune magazine. Josh is also the proud winner of a second place ribbon in the 2011 Nantucket Watermelon Eating competition. Josh is an inventor on 13 U.S. Patents for his work in Internet technology. In June 2000, he was awarded Ernst and Young’s prestigious “Entrepreneur of the Year” award for the Greater Philadelphia region. Josh earned a Bachelor of Science degree cum laude in Entrepreneurial Management and Marketing from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania."
"안녕하세요. 착한쉼터는 안마, 오피, 건마, 키스방, 룸싸롱 등 한국의 모든유흥 정보를 담고 있는 커뮤니티입니다. 서울에서 부산, 제주까지 전국의 각종 유흥정보를 담기 위해 최선을 다하고 있습니다. https://www.1stspot.net 으로 접속하시면 됩니다. 감사합니다. Hello. I’m owner of koreaspot. I am a fan of technology, sports, and programming. I’m also interested in writing. You can read my articles with a click on the button above."
"Josh Stein is a Partner at DFJ, where his current board responsibilities include Box, Chartbeat, Chef, LendKey, Periscope, SugarCRM, and Talkdesk. He is also actively involved with the firm's investments in AngelList, Doximity, Redfin, RethinkDB, Tremor Video, and Twilio. His previous investments include Eventful (acquired by CBS Local), GoodGuide (acquired by UL), iList (acquired by IGN/News Corp), Polaris Wireless (strategic recapitalization), Selligy (acquired by Veeva Systems), Swell (acquired by Apple), Yammer (acquired by Microsoft), and Yardbarker (acquired by Fox Sports Interactive).  Prior to joining DFJ, Josh was a Vice President at Telephia, where he managed a group providing strategic analysis and information to the nation's largest wireless carrier.  Previously, Josh was a Co-Founder, Member of the Board of Directors and the Chief Strategy Officer for ViaFone (NYSE: SY), a DFJ portfolio company and a leading provider of wireless enterprise applications.  Josh has previously held positions in product management at Microsoft and NetObjects, and was a Management Consultant in the San Francisco Office of The Boston Consulting Group.  Josh holds a B.A. degree from Dartmouth College, an MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business, and is a Graduate of the Kauffman Fellows Program.  Josh currently serves on the Board of Trustees of the Crystal Springs Uplands School and the Stanford GSB Trust.  Previously, Josh served as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Center for Venture Education and the Kauffman Fellows Program, the leading educational fellowship in venture capital. In 2013, 2014, and 2015, Forbes ranked Josh in their annual Midas List of top technology investors.  Josh has been selected by the AlwaysOn Network as a ""Power Player"" in Digital Entertainment, Cloud Computing, and Champions of Entrepreneurship. In 2015, Josh was selected by Deloitte as the Venture Capitalist of the Year."
"Matt is a tech entrepreneur who converts technology dreams into realities. He has over 10 years of experience in software engineering and product design which he uses to lead the Thinkific team to redefine the learning experience. If he is not coding or building amazing products, he's probably training for the next triathlon or chasing wind on his kite board."
"Ali Rowghani is the CEO of YC Continuity.  Previously, he served as the Chief Operating Officer of Twitter, Inc. from 2012 to 2014, where he was in charge of Twitter’s product, design, business development, developer platform, and media teams. He was hired as Twitter’s first Chief Financial Officer and served in that role from 2010 to 2012. For the 9 years prior to his time at Twitter, Ali served in several roles at Pixar Animation Studios, Inc., including as Chief Financial Officer and as Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning.   Ali holds a BA and MBA, both from Stanford University. Ali is on the Board at Checkr, Lob and Restoration Hardware (NYSE: RH), and is a Board observer at LendUp."
"Andy has been the Chief Financial Officer for multiple technology companies including six software companies comprised of 4 enterprise licensing models and 2 Software as a Service models. Andy completed a successful IPO as the CFO at SignalSoft Inc. going public on NASDAQ and later executed the sale of SignalSoft to Openwave Systems. Over the years, he has raised capital of over $135+ M in debt and equity. His experience also includes executing the purchase of multiple international companies, has sold companies, and has sold a division of a company. Most recently he was the CFO who concluded the sale of BroadHop Inc. to Cisco Systems enabling an attractive liquidity event for shareholder investors, founders, employees and customers. A Colorado native who serves on the board of directors for a local not for profit and a local civil engineering firm. Andy has a master’s degree in business administration from the Daniels School of Business at Denver University and Bachelor of Science degree in business finance from the University of Northern Colorado. He is also a Certified Management Accountant by the Institute of Management Accountants. Outside of work Andy, with his wife and two daughters, enjoys skiing and camping as often as they can."
"Shari Redstone is a media executive with a wide-ranging background in numerous aspects of the entertainment industry and related ventures. She is Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of Viacom Inc. and Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of the Company. Since 2000, she has been President of National Amusements, one of the top 10 movie exhibitors in the United States. Redstone has expanded the company's international footprint and its exploration of new technologies. Redstone is also Co-founder and Managing Partner of Advancit Capital, a venture capital firm launched in 2011 which focuses on early stage investments in media, entertainment and technology. In addition, she is Co-Chairman of MovieTickets.com, Inc. and is a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee for the National Theatre Owners Association (NATO). Redstone earned a BS from Tufts University and a JD and a Masters in Tax Law from Boston University. She practiced corporate law, estate planning and criminal law in the Boston area before joining National Amusements. With a deep commitment to the community, Redstone is actively involved in a variety of charitable, civic and educational organizations. She is currently a member of the Board of Directors at Combined Jewish Philanthropies and the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation. Redstone sits on the Board of Trustees at Dana Farber Cancer Institute. She served on the Board of Directors of CASA-Columbia from 2003-2012. Redstone joined the Board and Executive Committee of Our Time, a mass-membership organization that stands for the economic interests and political inclusion of young Americans aged 18-30.  She is also on the Local Advisory Board and Executive Committee for BUILD, a non-profit organization which uses entrepreneurship to propel low income youth through high school and into college."
"Naftali Bennett co-founded Cyota, a leading anti-fraud company, in 1999. He served as its CEO until its acquisition by RSA Security for $145m in 2005.  Later, he joined Israel's then-opposition leader Benjamin Netanyahu and served as his Chief of Staff. He led a team that formed Netanyahu's education reform plan and was his campaign manager in the Likud 2007 primaries.  Naftali Bennett was an advisor to Soluto from its early days, and served as its CEO for several months starting September 2009, after which he returned to politics."
"John Eilermann at your service. I live in St. Louis, Missouri, and I’m a comparative literature student. Studying literature made me fully understand that this field is concerned with literature and cultural expression across national, linguistic, and disciplinary boundaries."
"Andrew Frame is the founder and CEO of Citizen, an app that helps people stay safe by notifying them of relevant, nearby crimes and emergency incidents in real-time on their mobile phones. New York City has around 10,000 911 calls each and every day. Citizen opens up these 911 calls and sends them to the Citizen app which gives users real-time crime and incident alerts. Users are given the option of live-streaming the incident creating complete transparency and fueling the creation of a global safety network whose aim is to create safety and protection for all citizens worldwide.   Citizen launched a beta of its New York City only service in early 2017 and has grown rapidly as people use it to stay safe and informed by monitoring emergencies unfolding in their vicinity.     At 24 years old, Andrew founded ooma, a consumer Internet phone company. As the founder and CEO for the first 5 years he built the vision, team, strategy, initial retail channels and under his leadership guided the company to a $25M revenue run-rate before hiring his replacement. The company is now publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange with an annual revenue of around $120M. Andrew moved to Silicon Valley at age 17 to join Cisco Systems, where as part of its Global Center of Expertise, he traveled across the world working with customers on large-scale, complex networking issues. Prior to being recruited by Cisco Systems, Andrew resigned from high school in 10th grade to build and run an ISP (Internet Service Provider), which later became the largest in Las Vegas.   Andrew is also a member of Global Advisory Board of DocuSign, Inc. and has been an angel investor and advisor to various startups, including Facebook and Tinder."
"Caesar is General Manager of Payments and Vice President leading the Next Billion Users (NBU) initiative at Google. As General Manager of Payments, Caesar runs both product and engineering teams for Google’s payments solutions such as Google Pay and Tez, our India-first payments app. In his NBU role, Caesar is responsible for Google’s product strategy for high user growth countries like India, Indonesia, Brazil and Nigeria. His team is not just building a set of new products for these countries, such as the high-quality WiFi solution, Google Station, and smartphone storage manager, Files Go, but also working with other teams at Google to improve existing products with features like low-bandwidth and offline modes. Previously at Google, Caesar helped start and led the ChromeOS team that launched Chromebooks which are now the #1 device used in schools in the US, UK & Nordics, and the #2 operating system in the US and UK. Caesar has more than 15 years of experience developing consumer and enterprise technology products. Before joining Google, he held engineering and research positions at Encentuate Inc. (a Singapore startup acquired by IBM) and Hewlett Packard Labs, Palo Alto. He holds 15 patents in Operating Systems design and Expert Finding Systems. Caesar has a master's in computer science with a distinction in research from Stanford University, where he was awarded the Christofer Stephenson Memorial Award for the best master's research. Caesar also has an MBA from the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania."
"Ryan is the founder of SurveyMonkey. After graduating in 1999, Ryan launched SurveyMonkey as a part-time project out of his apartment. Since then, Ryan has successfully established SurveyMonkey as the Internet's most popular survey tool, used by individuals and organizations throughout the world. In his current role, Ryan is responsible for overseeing product design and strategy.  Ryan has been interviewed and featured in numerous publications such as the NY Times, Fortune Small Business, and PC World. Ryan holds a BS degree in Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. His interests include architecture and design, eating good food, and searching for the perfect cup of espresso."
"Elizabeth Holmes was the CEO of Theranos, a company infamous for falsifying blood tests and scamming investors out of millions of dollars. Holmes left Stanford University's School of Engineering in 2003 to build Theranos, an alleged state of the art blood testing company. Holmes has been convicted of investor fraud and wire fraud as a result of her time spent raising funding for Theranos. She is now awaiting a sentence on nine counts of wire fraud and two counts of conspiracy to commit wire fraud."
"Jeff Weiner joined LinkedIn in December 2008, serving as the Chief Executive Officer since June 2009, and as a member of the Board of Directors since July 2009. A consumer Web product executive with over 19 years of experience, Jeff has helped build LinkedIn into the Web's largest and most powerful network of professionals. Under his leadership, LinkedIn has tripled its revenue, rapidly expanded its global platform and increased its membership base from 33 million to more than 300 million members around the world.  Prior to joining LinkedIn, Jeff was an Executive in Residence at Accel Partners and Greylock Partners, where he advised the firm's consumer technology portfolio companies and evaluated new investment opportunities.  Previously, he served as Executive Vice President of Yahoo!'s Network division, a roughly $3 billion annual revenue business with more than 3,000 employees and responsibility for many of the company's consumer-facing and industry-leading products. Before Yahoo!, Jeff spent more than six years at Warner Bros., where he helped oversee the company's online efforts and developed the initial business plan for Warner Bros. Online in 1994. Jeff serves on the boards of Intuit, Inc., DonorsChoose.org, Malaria No More, and as an advisory board member at Venture for America.  He holds a B.S. in Economics from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania."
"Aakrit Vaish is Co-Founder & CEO of Haptik, one of the world's leading mobile personal assistant platforms. Aakrit started the company from his house in 2013, and as of of November 2016, it employs close to 500 people and is a Times Internet company. Aakrit has been responsible for pioneering the concept of chat based assistance way before companies like Facebook and Google launched assistants in 2016. Prior to Haptik,Aakrit was an early member of the team at Flurry, one of the world's largest mobile analytics and advertising platforms, acquired by Yahoo in 2014. Aakrit received his BS in Industrial Engineering from the University of Illinois, Urbana Champaign and was named as a contender to the Forbes India 30 under 30 list in 2015."
"A graduate of Oxford University, Tim Berners-Lee invented the World Wide Web, an internet-based hypermedia initiative for global information sharing while at CERN, the European Particle Physics Laboratory, in 1989. He wrote the first web client and server in 1990. His specifications of URIs, HTTP and HTML were refined as Web technology spread. He is the 3Com Founders Professor of Engineering in the School of Engineering with a joint appointment in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence ( CSAIL) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) where he also heads the Decentralized Information Group (DIG). He is also a Professor in the Electronics and Computer Science Department at the University of Southampton, UK. He is the Director of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), a Web standards organization founded in 1994 which develops interoperable technologies (specifications, guidelines, software, and tools) to lead the Web to its full potential. He was a Director of the Web Science Trust (WST) launched in 2009 to promote research and education in Web Science, the multidisciplinary study of humanity connected by technology. Tim is a Director of the World Wide Web Foundation, launched in 2009 to coordinate efforts to further the potential of the Web to benefit humanity. He has promoted open government data globally, is a member of the UK’s Transparency Board, and president of London’s Open Data Institute. In 2001 he became a Fellow of the Royal Society. He has been the recipient of several international awards including the Japan Prize, the Prince of Asturias Foundation Prize, the Millennium Technology Prize and Germany’s Die Quadriga award. In 2004 he was knighted by H.M. Queen Elizabeth and in 2007 he was awarded the Order of Merit. In 2009 he was elected a foreign associate of the National Academy of Sciences. He is the author of “Weaving the Web”. On March 18 2013, Tim, along with Vinton Cerf, Robert Kahn, Louis Pouzin and Marc Andreesen, was awarded the Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering for “ground-breaking innovation in engineering that has been of global benefit to humanity.”"
"Andrew is a Founder & CEO at Hims  & Hers. He is also a Cofounder and General Partner at Atomic, a venture-builder in San Francisco backed by Peter Thiel, Marc Andreessen and many of the leading venture funds in the world.  He is serial founder, active angel investor and advisor to over two dozen startups. Andrew graduated from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania with a bachelor's degree in Management and Economics."
"Michael Dell is the chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer of Dell, the company he founded with $1000 in 1984 at the age of 19. Notably quoted as saying that technology is about enabling human potential, Michael’s vision of how technology should be designed, manufactured and sold forever changed the IT industry. In 1992, Michael became the youngest CEO ever to earn a ranking on the Fortune 500. Today, Dell Inc. is composed of more than 100,000 team members who serve the IT needs of global corporations, small and medium businesses, governments, healthcare providers, educational institutions and home computing users.  From tablets and PCs to the infrastructure, software and services that power the world’s most complex data centers and cloud computing environments, Dell’s broad range of IT services and solutions has helped millions of customers around the world achieve the outcomes that are most important to them. In 1998, Michael formed MSD Capital, and in 1999, he and his wife established the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation to provide philanthropic support to a variety of global causes. Michael is an honorary member of the Foundation Board of the World Economic Forum and is an executive committee member of the International Business Council. He is also a member of the Technology CEO Council, the U.S. Business Council and the Business Roundtable.He serves on the governing board of the Indian School of Business in Hyderabad, India and is a board member of Catalyst. In June 2014, Michael was named the United Nations Foundation's first Global Advocate for Entrepreneurship."
"David Wehner is the chief financial officer of [Facebook], an online social networking service. In 2006, he created a patented system and method for operating hotel reward points with a group of other people. David Wehner is a former Managing Director at Allen & Company and Chief Financial Officer of Zynga. David graduated from Georgetown University with a bachelor of science in Chemistry and received a master of science in Applied Physics at Stanford University. Wehner currently resides in San Francisco Bay Area, California."
"Melinda Gates is the Founder of Pivotal Ventures and Co-Chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Along with Bill, she shapes and approves the foundation’s strategies, reviews results, and sets the overall direction of the organization. Together, they meet with grantees and partners to further the foundation’s goal of improving equity in the United States and around the world. Through her work at the foundation over the last fifteen years, Melinda has seen first-hand that empowering women and girls can bring transformational improvements in the health and prosperity of families, communities and societies. In 2012, Melinda spearheaded the London Summit on Family Planning, which adopted the goal of delivering contraceptives to an additional 120 million women in developing countries by 2020. Her work has led her to increasingly focus on gender equity as a path to meaningful change. The second of four children, Melinda grew up in Dallas, Texas. She received a bachelor’s degree in computer science and economics from Duke University in 1986 and a master’s in business administration from the Fuqua School of Business in 1987. After joining Microsoft Corp. that year, she distinguished herself as a leader in the development of multimedia products and was later appointed Microsoft’s General Manager of Information Products. In 1996, Melinda left Microsoft to focus on her philanthropic work and family. Melinda lives with her husband and three children in Seattle, Washington."
"Amit Raizada founded Spectrum Business Ventures in 2002 and has served as the company’s chief executive officer for 17 years. With a long background in acquisitions and entrepreneurship, Raizada has helped SBV and its affiliates acquire more than 80 operating companies in finance, technology, energy, retail, esports, hospitality and food and beverage. In 2006, he helped launch SBV’s real estate division, which focused on the acquisition, renovation and management of multi-family housing complexes. SBV and its affiliates purchased, renovated, and repositioned more than 6,000 units across the country. Raizada has been involved in the acquisition and sale hundreds of assets, with total transactions and enterprise values in the billions. In his role, Raizada provides strategic development and direction for each of the company’s investment platforms and advised on growth opportunities, due diligence, transaction structuring and risk mitigation. He has led successful investments in a variety of financial technology companies, including Select Quote, Card Compliant and Store Financial Services, wireless communication giants like AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile, ground-breaking esports enterprises like Echo Fox, HD Films, numerous multi-family real estate projects across the United States, and numerous investments in hospitality, food and entertainment. Raizada serves on the board of SBV maintaining an active presence in several of the portfolio companies. Raizada is a lifelong philanthropist with a devout passion for giving back to the community, and Vision Global Foundation is only his latest philanthropic endeavor. His family’s generous gift helped the University of Kansas Hospital acquire MediGuide technology, which provides cardiologists with unprecedented views of the heart with minimal exposure to radiation. The state-of-the-art technology is housed in the new Raizada Family Electrophysiology Lab in the Center for Advanced Heart Care. Raizada supports organizations such as Autism Speaks, The Kaw Valley Behavioral Health Care Center, Monmouth University Athletics, and many others.  Raizada attended Michigan State University, where he studied economics. He lives and has offices in both Los Angeles and Miami."
"Aileen is the founder of Cowboy Ventures, a seed-stage focused fund. They seek to back exceptional teams building technology that re-imagines work and personal life in large and growing markets - what they call ""Life 2.0"". She was formerly a partner with Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and the CEO of RMG Networks.   A graduate of MIT, Aileen has an MBA from Harvard Business School and is a Henry Crown Fellow of the Aspen Institute."
"Ashton Kouzbari (also known as: Munear Ashton Kuzbari &/or Munear Kouzbari) is a results-oriented healthcare consultant and professional. He is the principal owner of successful start-up entrepreneurial businesses in the medical realm. Munear  Ashton Kuzbari has a team of clinical, non-clinical and subject matter experts who help to manage the day to day responsibilities of all of his businesses and who work to grow the companies and achieve success. Together with his team, Kouzbari has established specific and attainable goals for his start up companies. These include  Securing physician business Targeting management market segments  Reaching profitability within a specific time frame Munear Kouzbari brings nine years of experience to his healthcare background and has a large network of physicians, hospitals and clinics to which he offers specialized solutions and consultation. He is also the president of Evolution Spine, a Dallas, Texas based company that supplies premier implants to hospitals and spine surgeons. He holds degrees in both Bachelor of Arts in Biological Sciences and a Bachelor of Business Administration from Southern Methodist University."
"Steve Jurvetson fosters companies at the forefront of technology. He looks for unconventional companies in deep learning, commercial space, synthetic biology, genomics, robotics, and sustainable transportation—purpose-driven companies that will transform massive industries. His current board responsibilities include D-Wave, Memphis Meats, Mythic, Planet, SpaceX, Synthetic Genomics, and Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA). He was the founding VC investor in Hotmail (Microsoft), Interwoven (NASDAQ: IWOV), Kana (NASDAQ: KANA), and NeoPhotonics (NYSE: NPTN). Steve was also the first VC investor and board member at deep learning company Nervana, acquired by Intel in 2016.  He always has a passion for the cutting edge of technology and the frontiers of the unknown. Steve has BS and MS degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford, and he finished his undergrad studies in 2.5 years, graduating number one in his class. He went on to earn an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and was named an Arjay Miller Scholar. He then worked at leading companies like HP, Apple, NeXT Software, and Bain & Company. In 2017, Steve received the Visionary Award from SV Forum for his role in fostering the spirit of entrepreneurship in Silicon Valley. In 2016, President Barack Obama announced Steve's position as a Presidential Ambassador for Global Entrepreneurship at the Seventh Global Entrepreneurship Summit at Stanford University. Steve has also been honored as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum, and as the Venture Capitalist of the Year by Deloitte. He was also chosen by the San Francisco Chronicle and San Francisco Examiner as one of ""the ten people expected to have the greatest impact on the Bay Area in the early part of the 21st century."" Forbes has recognized Steve several times on the Midas List, and named him one of ""Tech's Best Venture Investors."""
"Prior to the merger with Seamless North America LLC, Matt served as CEO of GrubHub Inc., a company he co-founded in 2004. He led the company through five rounds of investment funding, the acquisition of DotMenu and the 2012 launch of OrderHub.   Matt currently serves as an advisory board member for The University of Chicago Booth School of Business, Polsky Center for Entrepreneurship, is a member of ChicagoNEXT, an organization dedicated to driving growth and opportunity in the Chicago business community, and serves on the board of directors of Merge Healthcare Incorporated (Nasdaq: MRGE).  He was named one of the top 50 business people of 2014 by Fortune Magazine, and  is the 2012 Built in Chicago Moxie Award winner for CEO of the Year and a regular contributor to The Wall Street Journal’s The Accelerators blog. Matt holds a B.S. in physiology  from Michigan State University and an MBA and MSCS from the University of Chicago."
"Shachar Bialick is a serial entrepreneur, passionate about using technology to improve lives. He is Founder and CEO of Curve - one of the UK's highest profile fintech startups.  Shachar founded Curve to give people a simpler, smarter way to manage their financial life. It allows people to spend from all their bank accounts and cards through one smart Curve card, connected to an even smarter app. Cardholders can see all their business and personal spend in one place, cut out bank fees on business trips, make their existing cards more secure, manage cash flow with 'financial time travel', and never worry about doing their expenses again."
Experienced Chief Technology Officer with success in delivering large scale AI / data science products and solutions
"As the CEO and Co-Founder of TripActions, Ariel is focused on the company’s growth. Prior to TripActions, Ariel made his foray into entrepreneurship with streamOnce, a business multimedia integration platform that he co- founded with his current partner and TripActions CTO Ilan Twig. The company was successfully acquired by Jive Software, where Ariel had previously served in a senior position following his time at Hewlett Packard. Ariel graduated from Northwestern’s Kellogg School of management and currently resides in Palo Alto where TripActions is headquartered."
"Sietse Schelpe is a full stack web developer and online marketer. He develops business strategies in order to increase online sales and conversion. He is fluent in Dutch, English and French. Sietse possesses a stellar professional record, and extensive client relationship and territory management experience. He has strong analytical and technical skills,  easily adapts to new processes and situations. He is a resourceful problem-solver with proven ability to think strategically and execute tactically with a persistent attention to detail. He effectively sets goals and manages multiple priorities under pressure, in fast-paced, rapidly changing environments. Areas of expertise include: Leadership & Coaching Skills Social Media Marketing Website Design Email Marketing Lead Generation  Project Management  Territory Management Account Planning Web-based Reporting Tools Social Networking Search Engine Optimization - SEO Google AdWords -SEA Microsoft Office Web Analytics  PHP Scripting Hubspot salesforce video marketing Larval wordpress drupal Joomla codeignitor"
"Olivier Pomel is the CEO and Co-Founder of Datadog. Prior to founding Datadog, Olivier Pomel built data systems for K-12 teachers as a VP, Technology for Wireless Generation, growing the development team from a handful to close to 100 of the best engineers in NYC until the company’s acquisition by News Corp. Before Wireless Generation, Olivier held software engineering positions at IBM Research and several internet startups. Olivier is an original author of the VLC media player and holds an MS, CS from the Ecole Centrale Paris."
"Ilkka Paananen is the CEO and co-founder of Supercell, the Helsinki-based mobile games developer behind Clash of Clans and Hay Day. In October 2013 Japanese companies Softbank and GungHo acquired 51 % of the company for a reported $1.5 billion. IIkka has been an entrepreneur in the games industry since 2000.  Prior to Supercell, he was the CEO & co-founder of Sumea, which was later acquired by Digital Chocolate, where he worked as a President until 2010. In addition to his role at Supercell, Ilkka helps other entrepreneurs as a partner in Lifeline Ventures, an early stage investor. Ilkka is also an active member of the Helsinki-based startup community where he mentors and coaches other founders. In addition to games and entrepreneurship, Ilkka is passionate about ice hockey. Ilkka’s favorite games include old classics like Civilization and Command & Conquer."
Dustin Moskovitz is a Co-Founder and CEO at Asana. He is also the Co-Founder of Open Philanthropy Project and Good Ventures. Mr. Moskovitz is a former Co-Founder of Facebook.
"Dave Gilboa is the co-founder and co-CEO of Warby Parker, a transformative lifestyle brand offering designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses. In 2015, Fast Company named Warby Parker the most innovative company in the world. Prior to Warby Parker, Dave worked at merchant bank Allen & Company and Bain & Company. Dave has worked extensively with non-profit organizations, and serves as a founding member of the Entrepreneur Board of Venture for America, an organization dedicated to mobilizing graduates as entrepreneurs in low-cost cities. He is a member of the Aspen Institute’s 2014 Henry Crown Fellowship class and the Aspen Global Leadership Network, received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year award, and was recognized as part of “The Next Establishment” by Vanity Fair. Born in Sweden and raised in San Diego, Dave graduated with a BS in Bioengineering with Honors from UC Berkeley and holds an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. With the ultimate goal of making safe, routine vision tests more accessible and convenient for the millions of adults who wear prescription glasses, Warby Parker introduced Prescription Check in 2017, a mobile refraction service designed in-house that, if you are eligible, allows an eye doctor to assess your vision and provide an updated prescription within 24 hours. "
"Mr. Schwartz has been Vice Chairman of Goldman Sachs and Chairman of Goldman Sachs Asia Pacific since rejoining the firm in June 2012. He initially joined the firm in 1979 in the Investment Banking Division. In 1985, he moved to Fixed Income, where he founded and led the High Yield Department until 1990. From 1991 to 1997 he was Head of the Capital Markets Department, from 1997 to 2001 he was President of Goldman Sachs Japan, and from 1999 to 2001 he was Chairman of Goldman Sachs Asia. Prior to rejoining the firm, Mr. Schwartz was the Chairman of MissionPoint Capital Partners, an investment firm he co-founded and which is focused on the transition to a lower-carbon economy. He previously served as a Senior Advisor and then as President and Chief Executive Officer of Soros Fund Management. Mr. Schwartz serves on the Boards of Directors of MasterCard Inc. and Softbank Corp. He is a trustee of New York-Presbyterian Hospital , a member of its Executive Committee and Vice Chairman of its Audit Committee. Mark is also a member of the Executive Committee of the Morgan Stanley Children’s Hospital. He serves as trustee at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH), and on the Board of Directors of the Ragon Institute of MGH, Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard University."
"Entrepreneur with extensive marketing and execution experience, Pedro currently holds two positions; the CEO and founder of Lyfx as well as film director at Lyfx Films.   Lyfx is a start-up launched in 2018, focused on ""Life Experiences"" and it simply connects local experts to travellers seeking outdoor adventure. The mobile platform is already being utilized by thousands of users and is growing rapidly amongst the adventure community in over 25 countries.   Also a passionate filmmaker, Pedro has mainly focused on personal adventures and social causes. The films he has produced have been nominated and awarded in numerous film festivals around the world, including The Hollywood Independent Documentary Awards, The Impact Awards, Canada Winter Film Festival, Maine Outdoor Film Festival and others.   Pedro has worked in tech and propaganda since the age of twenty-two, having proudly worked in the main advertising agencies of London. Here he directed and produced creative work for brands such as Mercedes-Benz, Coca-Cola, Sony PlayStation, British Airways, Swatch and other big brands.   His projects have been featured in numerous publications and television programs around the world, including The New York Times, FORBES, Outside Magazine, Travel & Leisure, Digital Trends, The History Channel and many others.   This last april, Pedro led an expedition along with his friend, an Italian mountain guide, to help a 14-year-old boy with cerebral palsy, realise his dream of climbing a mountain. The group successfully summited the highest point in the Dolomites and will soon launch a feature length documentary about the achievement, called DRIVEN. The project was recognised and sponsored by the UNESCO Dolomites Foundation."
"Onika Tanya Maraj (born December 8, 1982), known professionally as Nicki Minaj, is a Trinidad and Tobago-born rapper, singer, songwriter, actress, and model. Born in Saint James, Port of Spain, and raised in Queens, New York City, she gained public recognition after releasing the mixtapes Playtime Is Over (2007), Sucka Free (2008), and Beam Me Up Scotty (2009)"
"Jonathan is a successful serial entrepreneur with two exits under his belt. He  is passionate about helping those who are taking the entrepreneurial path to start, build and grow companies.   Prior to GrowLab, Jonathan Bixby was the CEO and a co-founder of Strangeloop Networks, creator of the first network appliance and cloud service for accelerating dynamic web applications. Under Jonathan’s leadership, Strangeloop raised over $21M in financing, including a Series A round of $11.5 million, one of the largest rounds of private Series A financing for a technology start-up in Canadian history.  Strangeloop was selected the Best Employer in British Columbia for a record five straight years (2008 to 2013). In February 2013 Strangeloop was acquired by Radware (RDWR). Read more here. Prior to forming Strangeloop, Jonathan co-founded IronPoint Technology, the largest content management company in the country. As chairman of the board, Jonathan led IronPoint from start-up to successful acquisition by The Active Network (ACTV) in 30 months. Read about it here. Jonathan also served as vice president of sales, at NTS Internet Solutions and helped that company enjoy a five-year growth rate of more than 600 percent and earn placements on the Deloitte & Touche Fast 50 and Fast 500 as well as Profit Magazine’s Profit 100 lists. Jonathan sat on the board of the Vancouver Enterprise Forum, the final jury for the New Ventures BC competition and is a Social Venture Partner (www.bcsvp.com), Jonathan sits on the board of Energy Aware. He is a Business in Vancouver Top 40 Under 40 award recipient."
Robert J. Soper is a former President and Chief Executive Officer at  Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority. Soper graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Business Administration in Economics from the University of Georgia. He also holds a Juris Doctor from the University of Georgia Law. Robert J. Soper was integral to the transformation of the Mohegan Sun integrated resort into a highly-profitable and productive property.
"Ben (@8en) grew up in Iowa, where he spent a lot of time collecting bugs. Today, he helps millions of people collect and discover the things they love as co-founder and CEO of Pinterest. Before Pinterest, Ben worked at Google on AdSense and studied at Yale. He lives in San Francisco with his wife and two sons. Previously, Silbermann worked at Google in the sales organization; however, after a short time with the company he left and started designing his own iPhone apps with a college friend, Paul Sciarra. After their initial application, Totte, failed to gain significant traction, the cofounders created a pinboard product and Pinterest was born. However, Pinterest saw a low user base and very little engagement in its early stages. Silbermann said the prospect of telling people he failed was too embarrassing so he and Sciarra continued to tinker and improve the site. Today, Pinterest claims over 20 million users."
"Sameer Nigam is the founder and CEO of PhonePe. He used to be the senior vice president, engineering of Flipkart.com. He earned his degree at University of Mumbai and his MBA at The Wharton School."
"Jeremy Corbyn is a British politician serving as Leader of the Labour Party and Leader of the Opposition since 2015. Corbyn was first elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Islington North in 1983. Ideologically, Corbyn identifies as a democratic socialist. He advocates reversing austerity cuts to public services and welfare funding made since 2010 and proposes renationalization of public utilities and the railways. An anti-war and anti-nuclear campaigner since his youth, he broadly supports a foreign policy of military non-interventionism and unilateral nuclear disarmament. Corbyn began his career as a representative for various trade unions. His political career began when he was elected to Haringey Council in 1974; he later became Secretary of Hornsey Constituency Labour Party and continued in both roles until elected MP for Islington North. As a backbench MP he was known for his activism and rebelliousness, frequently voting against the Labour whip, including when the party was in government under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown. Corbyn was also the national chair of the Stop the War Coalition from 2011 to 2015. Corbyn announced his candidacy for the Labour leadership following Labour's defeat in the 2015 general election and the resignation of Ed Miliband. Despite entering the leadership race as the dark horse candidate and having only just secured 35 nominations from fellow Labour MPs to be placed on the ballot, Corbyn quickly emerged as the leading candidate and was elected leader in September 2015, with a first-round vote of 59.5%. After the UK voted to leave the EU in June 2016, Labour MPs passed a vote of no confidence in Corbyn by 172 votes to 40 following the resignation of around two-thirds of Corbyn's Shadow Cabinet. In the September 2016 leadership contest, Corbyn retained the party leadership with an increased vote share of 61.8%. In the snap 2017 general election, Labour (under Corbyn) again finished as the second largest party in parliament, but increased their share of the popular vote to 40%, resulting in a net gain of 30 seats and a hung parliament. It was the first time Labour had made a net gain of seats since 1997, and the party's 9.6% increase in vote share was its largest in a single general election since 1945."
"Scott Kupor is the managing partner at Andreessen Horowitz where he is responsible for all aspects of running the firm. He has been with the firm since its inception in 2009 and has overseen its rapid growth, from three employees to 135 and from $300 million in assets under management to more than $6 billion. Scott was previously vice president and general manager of Global Customer Support & Software-as-a-Service at Hewlett Packard. Scott joined HP in 2007 as part of the $1.6 billion acquisition of Opsware (previously Loudcloud), where he was senior vice president of Customer Solutions. Scott joined Opsware shortly after the company’s founding and held numerous executive management positions including vice president of financial planning and vice president of corporate development. Prior to Opsware, Scott represented software companies in both financing and mergers and acquisitions transactions at Credit Suisse First Boston and Lehman Brothers. Scott graduated from Stanford University with a bachelor’s degree in public policy. He also graduated from Stanford Law School and is a member of the California Bar Association.  Scott is chairman of the National Venture Capital Association, chairman of the board of Genesys Works, cofounder and co-director of the Stanford Venture Capital Director’s College, cofounder and co-director of the Stanford Rock Center’s Guide to Venture-Backed Board Membership, and Executive in Residence at Haas School of Business and Boalt School of Law. Scott also serves on the investment committees of St. Jude’s Children’s Cancer Research Hospital, Stanford Hospital, the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, and Lick Wilmerding High School."
"Ehud Barak is the 10th Prime Minister of Israel, the 14th Chief of Staff of the Israel Defense Forces, former Minister of Defense and former head of military intelligence. In the business world, Ehud Barak is involved with global Private Equity firms and consults to leading Hedge Funds. In recent years, he has become involved in Cyber Security and Homeland Security Investments and startups."
"Michael Moritz is Chairman of Sequoia Capital where he has worked since 1986. Michael represented Sequoia in its investments in Google, Yahoo, PayPal, Flextronics, Kayak, Pure Digital, and Zappos.com. He has always had an eclectic set of investment interests and today represents Sequoia's interests in Klarna, Green Do, and Stripe, LinkedIn the world's professional nework, Instacart, PopSugar, the entertainment and fashion site for women 24-7-customer an outsourcing customer service company and The Melt a grilled cheese restaurant chain.  Before joining Sequoia, Michael worked as a correspondent for Time; wrote a couple books including the Little Kingdom, the first authoritative book about Apple's early years; and co-founded Technologic Partners, the precursor of Venture Wire."
"Garrett Gee (pronounced ""G"") is a designer and tech-entrepreneur.  His passions include family, soccer, and travel."
"Brian Halligan is co-founder and CEO of HubSpot. Prior to HubSpot, Brian was a venture partner at Longworth Ventures and a VP of sales at Groove Networks, which was later acquired by Microsoft. He has authored two books, Marketing Lessons from the Grateful Dead and Inbound Marketing: Get Found Using Google, Social Media, and Blogs which he co-wrote with Dharmesh Shah. Brian serves on the boards of directors of Fleetmatics Group (FLTX), a global provider of fleet management solutions, and the Massachusetts Innovation and Technology Exchange (MITX). Brian was named Ernst and Young's Entrepreneur of the Year in 2011 and one of Glassdoor's 25 Highest Rated CEOs in 2014. In his spare time, he follows his beloved Red Sox, is a voracious reader, and teaches a class at MIT Sloan with Paul English, ""15.392: Designing, Developing, and Launching Successful Products in an Entrepreneurial Environment."""
"Sheryl Sandberg is chief operating officer at Facebook, overseeing the firm's business operations. Prior to Facebook, Sheryl was vice president of Global Online Sales and Operations at Google, chief of staff for the United States Treasury Department under President Clinton, a management consultant with McKinsey & Company, and an economist with the World Bank. Sheryl received a BA summa cum laude from Harvard University and an MBA with highest distinction from Harvard Business School. Sheryl is the author of the bestsellers Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead and Lean In for Graduates and founder of LeanIn.Org, a global community committed to empowering all women to achieve their ambitions. Sheryl serves on the boards of Facebook, the Walt Disney Company, Women for Women International, ONE, and SurveyMonkey.Sheryl lives in Menlo Park with her son and daughter."
"Demi is an actress and a long-standing advocate for women’s issues. She received a Golden Globe nomination for her role in _If These Walls Could Talk_ and a Director’s Guild nomination for _Five_, an anthology of short films that explore the impact of breast cancer. She partnered with CNN Freedom Project for the documentary Nepal’s Stolen Children to highlight the work of anti-trafficking advocate Anuradha Koirala."
"Kevin Mahaffey began building (and breaking) software at eight years old and it has been a love affair ever since. Currently, he is CTO and Founder of Lookout. Recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer, Lookout is a cybersecurity company that protects mobile devices for tens of millions of individuals and more than 150 enterprises globally.  Kevin was featured as one of Inc. Magazine's Top 30 Entrepreneurs Under 30 and is a frequent presenter at technology and industry events, including: Blackhat, DEFCON, RSA, Web Summit, CeBIT, and the World Economic Forum. An active investor, Kevin has invested in more than 60 startups, focusing on enterprise software and technology-driven transformation of large markets. When he’s not helping build startups, he’s an avid kitesurfer, photographer, and snowboarder."
"Ashish Hemrajani is the CEO and co-founder of Bigtree Entertainment Private Limited, which operates BookMyShow, India’s largest online entertainment ticketing platform, offering tickets for movies, plays, concerts, sports games and live events. Ashish started his professional journey after completing his MBA specialising in Marketing at Sydenham University in 1997. In 1999, he gave in to his passion for entrepreneurship and founded Bigtree Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. Under Ashish’s leadership Bigtree Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. survived through the dot-com bust in 2001 and managing to do so, by selling the Vista ticketing software and providing back-end ticketing services to cinema theatres. In 2007, seeing the growth in multiplexes and the increased credit/debit card penetration in the country, Ashish and his team launched BookMyShow. Ashish strove to make the brand a quick success taking the market by storm, by bringing Cinema biggies like PVR, INOX and Cinepolis on the portal. He foresaw consumers in India favouring the mobile over computers and hence, launched the BookMyShow mobile App getting the early mover advantage. While passionately driving his model for BookMyShow, he brought on board believing investors like Stripes Group, Network 18, Accel Partners and SAIF Partners. Under Mr. Hemarajani’s leadership, BookMyShow has expanded its operations to New Zealand, UAE, Indonesia and Sri Lanka. Hemrajani believes in balance and indulges in a couple of leisure activities that help him stay focussed, including sailing. The BookMyShow captain cool considers the sea as a great leveller. He sails every week and participates in sailing competitions regularly along with his crew. Apart from being out at sea, Ashish is also drawn to the philosophy of Vedanta. His entrepreneurial mind-set allows him to be a humble leader with a heart in all avenues of life."
"Igor is the CEO of Pryon, an artificial intelligence startup that is innovating how businesses interface with decisions, knowledge, and workflows. Named an “Industry Luminary” by Speech Technology Magazine, he previously founded industry pioneer Yap, the world's first high accuracy, fully automated cloud platform for voice recognition. After its products were deployed by dozens of enterprises, the company became Amazon’s first AI related acquisition. The firm’s inventions then served as the nucleus for follow on products such as Alexa, Echo, and Fire TV. As a Program Director at IBM, Igor led the team that designed the precursor to Watson and developed the world’s first multimodal Web browser. Igor was awarded Eisenhower and Truman National Security fellowships to explore and expand the role of entrepreneurship and venture capital in addressing geopolitical concerns. As an innovator in human language technologies, he believes in fostering career and educational opportunities for others entering STEM fields. As such, he serves as a mentor in the TechStars’ Alexa Accelerator, was a Blackstone NC Entrepreneur-In-Residence (EIR), and founded a chapter of the Global Shapers, a program of the World Economic Forum. Igor holds a BS in Computer Engineering from The Pennsylvania State University, where he was named an Outstanding Engineering Alumnus, and an MBA from The University of North Carolina."
"Jaan works on the overall strategy for ASI, on top of researching and reviewing potential portfolio companies. He is considered to be one of the foremost experts on P2P technologies, and together with Ahti and Priit worked out the core elements for Kazaa and Skype. He continues to be involved with Skype, where he's one of the lead system architects. Jaan has been known to sketch potential solutions for teleportation on napkins. Voracious reading and home life make up the rest of his pastimes. Jaan holds a degree in theoretical physics from the University of Tartu. Currently he serves as CTO of MetaMed Research LLC, and also a co-founder of the Cambridge Project of Existential Risk."
"Margrethe Vestager is a Danish politician, who served as a Member of Parliament since 20 November 2001, representing the Danish Social Liberal Party."
"Kevin Smith is a Founder and CEO at The Vault and SEEDChange. He is also the Advisor at Cardiocoin, Smartear, Inc and StarX and Mentor at MoonshotX. Mr. Smith is a former Director of BlackRock and Principal at Barclays Global Investors (acquired by BlackRock). Kevin received a B.A. in Modern European Studies and Russian at Vanderbilt University and an M.A., A.B.D. in Russian Literature and Culture at the University of California, Berkeley."
"Jake Paul is the Founder and CEO at TeamDom. He dropped out of high school and relocated to Los Angeles at 17, without a single meeting lined up. Jake became a Viner before becoming a Vloger. Also Jake has racked up over 15 million social media followers, and 3.5 billion video views, categorizing him as one of the top 20 social media influencers and a leading brand ambassador. Jake also lends his efforts to the acting world — starring as “Dirk” on Disney Channel's Bizaardvark, “Lance” in the YouTube Red Original Movie Dance Camp and ""Dugan"" on Fox Digital's new movie Mono.#Bloodynosegang"
"Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton is an American politician and was the nominee of the Democratic Party for President of the United States in the 2016 election. She is the first female candidate to gain that status for a major American political party. She served as the 67th United States Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013, the junior United States Senator representing New York from 2001 to 2009, First Lady of the United States during the presidency of Bill Clinton from 1993 to 2001, and First Lady of Arkansas from 1983 to 1992."
"Bill Harris was the founding CEO of Personal Capital. He was also the founding Chairman of MyVest. He is a leader in the financial technology industry, with an extensive track record of creating and growing successful companies, including serving as CEO of both Intuit and PayPal. As former President of ChipSoft (makers of TurboTax), he grew the company from $15 million in annual sales into a public company valued at over $250 million. He has served as a board member for several public and private companies, including Yodlee, RSA, Earthlink, Macromedia, SuccessFactors, and many more. Bill has a BA from Middlebury College and an MBA from Harvard Business School."
"Brynn Putnam is the founder and CEO of MIRROR, a fitness technology company poised to revolutionize the way people work out by bringing the boutique studio experience in-home. For more than a decade, Brynn has been well-regarded as a pioneer of the fitness industry. She started her career as a professional ballet dancer for the New York City Ballet, spending years training to peak performance while also working in some of New York City's top gyms and boutique fitness studios. In 2010, Brynn took her learnings from elite trainers and physiologists across the nation and founded Refine Method, the acclaimed fitness studio dubbed “Best New Workout” by New York magazine. Now, Brynn is applying her deep expertise in fitness, both as an entrepreneur with a proven track record and an accomplished athlete, to transform the fitness industry again. Brynn graduated from Harvard University with a B.A. in Russian Literature and Culture and is based in New York City."
"Daphne Koller is the CEO and Founder of insitro. Daphne was the Rajeev Motwani Professor of Computer Science at Stanford University, where she served on the faculty for 18 years. She was the co-founder, co-CEO and President of Coursera for 5 years, and the Chief Computing Officer of Calico, an Alphabet company in the healthcare space. She is the author of over 200 refereed publications appearing in venues such as Science, Cell, and Nature Genetics, and has an h-index of 130. Daphne was one of TIME Magazine’s 100 most influential people and is a MacArthur Fellow, a member of the National Academy of Engineering, and a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the International Society of Computational Biology. In her spare time, Daphne enjoys spending time with her family, especially while traveling to exotic destinations (62 countries so far and counting), where they enjoy hiking, sailing, scuba diving, and eating fresh local food."
"Marc Lore is the Founder and CEO of Jet.  He was previously the Chief Operating Officer of Wizkids, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of The Topps Company, Inc. (NASD: TOPP) and a leading game manufacturer. Prior to joining Wizkids, Marc was the co-founder and CEO of The Pit, Inc., an Internet market-making collectible company constructed as an alternative to eBay. The Pit, Inc. was successfully sold to the then publicly traded Topps Company in 2001. Prior to ThePit, Marc held various investment banking positions, including as Executive Vice President of Sanwa International Bank in London where he was head of the bank's Risk Management Division. Before Sanwa, he was Vice President and Global Head of Emerging Markets Risk Department at Credit Suisse First Boston in London. In 2000, he was named by The Sunday Times Magazine of London as one of Britain's top ten ""new high-tech entrepreneurs and whiz kids."" Marc graduated from Bucknell University, where he received a B.A. in Business Management/Economics, cum laude, and is currently on leave from the Wharton University School of Business MBA program. He is also a C.F.A. (Chartered Financial Analyst). Marc has two young daughters, Sierra and Sophia, with his wife, Carolyn."
"Jitendra was Founder and CEO of Citrus Pay, a leading digital payments company in India. Post acquisition of Citrus Pay by Naspers, he leads the consumer businesses at the combined entity, PayU India, as their Managing Director for consumer payments business in India. He has more than 12 years of work experience in banking and financial services industry and considered an expert in payments industry. Prior to Citrus, he was working with ICICI bank for 7 years, wherein he was part of founding team of Retail cross sell and Investment banking division in the bank. During his last stint with the bank, he led the whole initiative of stitching a joint venture between ICICI bank and First Data in Indian market. This was a unique JV ever done between a bank and an independent payments company. He also was member of founding team of Investment banking team in ICICI. After ICICI, he also did a short advisory stint with Blackstone Capital as an external advisor for USD 33 million investment in to FINO, a company focusing on financial inclusion space in India. During his tenure at Citrus, he grew the company to a 300 member+ strong team and company was counted among Top 3 payment companies in India with in a span of 4 years. Citrus counted its investors base from Sequoia Capital and E-context Japan to Ascent Capital in Series C round. He also led Citrus to the largest all-cash deal in the fintech space in India, with the acquisition of Citrus by Naspers Group in September 2016. He graduated from Sydenham College, Mumbai and is a qualified Chartered Accountant."
"Joseph Zwillinger is a CEO and Co-Founder of Allbirds. He has long been passionate about making things from renewable resources, which led him to start Allbirds and begin tackling sustainability issues in the footwear industry. Prior to co-founding Allbirds, he spent six years at biotech firm Terravia (formerly Solazyme, Inc.) leading its renewable chemical business, developing and selling high performance algae-based chemicals into various industries such as CPG, personal care, and industrials. Previously, Joey worked in advisory and investment roles at Industry Ventures, Deloitte Consulting and Goldman Sachs. He sits on the Board of education nonprofit Stiles Hall, as well as the Advisory Board of Wharton's Baker Retail Center. He earned an MBA from Wharton with honors, and a BS in industrial engineering from UC Berkeley"
"Sergey Petrossov is a successful businessman and entrepreneur. In 2006, Sergey co-founded LiveContact and served as Vice President of Business Development from May 2006 to April 2009. He then co-founded Federal Systems of Distance Education, a distance-learning solutions company that helped Russian students gain access to educational materials. Petrossov's biggest venture to date is JetSmarter, a company he founded to revolutionize the private air travel industry. In 2019, JetSmarter was acquired by industry leader Vista Global and fully merged with Vista Global’s subsidiary XOJET to form a new, combined platform called XO.  JetSmarter offers private and shared jet services in a similar manner as Uber offers automotive ridesharing services. Petrossov initially noticed how tedious and outdated the process of booking a private jet was with his first personal experience in 2009, and he immediately begin working on a solution. The result is a billion-dollar company that is backed by Jay-Z, Wayne Chang, and members of the Saudi royal family.  Petrossov adopted a solid work ethic and a strong drive to succeed. His innovative spirit was obvious early on as his high school student when he started a business that imported and exported tire rims.  Petrossov was introduced to technology and computer science while enrolled at the University of Florida. As a student, he was active in a live-chatting startup, and this laid the foundation for his interest in a career in technology. His technological expertise was instrumental in another project that he co-founded, which offered distance learning services to Russian-speaking schools in his native country and Eastern Europe. Petrossov’s knowledgebase in private jets was founded in his time as a board advisor to a company that operates private jets and offered on-demand charter services to its huge fleet of Gulfstream jets.  After Petrossov’s less-than-enjoyable first experience trying to book a private jet himself, his innovative mindset and technological background combined to arrive at the concept for JetSmarter. He pulled together an impressive development team that included successful professionals from BMW, NASA, Uber, Nokia, and other major corporations. The JetSmarter app was released in beta in August 2012 and was launched to the global market in March 2013. In addition to connecting customers with private jet operators, the app also provides limited helicopter charter services.  With an intelligent concept, the deep pockets of investors, and the expertise of developers, Petrossov successfully executed the launch of JetSmarter, making it faster and more convenient for flyers to schedule flights while also improving the utilization of private jets and digitalizing an industry that he described as being outdated.  The company has grown tremendously over the last few years and now provides services to 14,000 paid subscribers and 670,000 registered users. Worldwide, the company offers service on more than 3,200 private jets and intends to establish its own branded aircraft soon. Subscribers pay between $4,950 and $15,000 per year for JetSmarter services. In 2016, Petrossov was included in the Forbes’ “30 Under 30” list of successful business leaders. JetSmarter is headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, FL and maintains offices in Zurich, Moscow, London, Riyadh, and Dubai."

"Henry Kissinger is Chairman of Kissinger Associates, Inc., an international consulting firm.  Kissinger served as Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs from 1969-1975 and as Secretary of State from 1973-1977.  He has received numerous awards in recognition of his work in foreign policy, including the Nobel Peace Prize and Presidential Medal of Freedom.  Kissinger serves on a number of governmental, corporate, and non-profit organizational boards and is the author of several books; his most recent, On China, was published in 2011."
"Pushkar Mukewar is the Co-Founder and Co-CEO of Drip Capital. At Drip, he is responsible for defining the strategic direction and managing product, business development and operations of the company. In his 13 years’ career, he has worked across various geographies and has an in-depth understanding of the global financial services industry. Pushkar realized the huge potential of addressing the working capital gap for SMEs in emerging economies like India by using technology. This turned out to be his inspiration behind the foundation of Drip Capital in 2015. Drip offers a unique trade financing product targeted towards SMEs engaged in cross-border trade by making the underwriting and financing of international B2B transactions seamless. In the past, Pushkar was a venture capitalist at Saama Capital and was involved with a number of high-growth startups, including Snapdeal, Bluestone and Paytm. He has also been a Consultant with Oliver Wyman in the US, UAE, and Switzerland, where he advised a number of financial services clients on strategic and operational issues. He started his career at Capital One where he developed credit risk analytics for the subprime consumer loans business."
"Sal Khan is the founder of the Khan Academy, a nonprofit with the mission of providing free, high-quality education for “anyone, anywhere” in the world. Khan graduated from MIT in 1998 with three degrees: two bachelor of science degrees in mathematics and electrical engineering/computer science; and a master of science degree in electrical engineering. He worked in technology in Silicon Valley until the first bubble burst, after which he attended Harvard Business School. After earning a masters degree in business administration in 2003, Khan became an analyst at a Boston based hedge fund. In 2004 as a side project, Sal began tutoring his young cousin in math, communicating by phone and using an interactive notepad. When others expressed interest, he began posting videos of his hand-scribbled tutorials on YouTube. Demand took off, and in 2009 he quit his day job to commit himself fully to the not-for-profit Khan Academy. The Khan Academy website now provides self-pacing software and unlimited access to over 3,000 instructional videos covering everything from basic arithmetic to college level science and economics. It’s the most-used library of educational videos on the web, with over 5 million unique students per month, over 150 million lessons delivered, and over half a billion exercises completed. Over 10,000 classrooms around the world are also using Khan Academy to help build student mastery of topics and to free up class time for dynamic project based learning. Khan was recently profiled by 60 Minutes and recognized by Time Magazine as one of the 100 most influential people in the world."
"Pascal joined AstraZeneca as an Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer on 1 October 2012. A French national, 53 year old Pascal joined AstraZeneca from Roche AG where he served as Chief Operating Officer of the company’s pharmaceuticals division since 2010. Prior to that Pascal was Chief Executive Officer of Genentech, where he was credited with leading the successful merger between the San Francisco-based biologics business and Roche.  Pascal joined the pharmaceutical industry in 1986 and has worked in senior management roles in numerous major companies around the world. He is a doctor of veterinary medicine (École Nationale Vétérinaire d’Alfort, Maisons-Alfort) and holds an MBA from HEC, Paris."
"Jeff Rosenthal is the Co-Founder of Summit, a cutting-edge organization best known for hosting global ideas festivals and events, and is the co-owner, designer, and developer of Summit Powder Mountain and the Powder Mountain ski resort in Eden, Utah. Jeff is a founding board member of the Summit Institute, as well as the Anti-Recidivism Coalition, and currently serves on the boards of Beyond Conflict and Street Soccer USA, and the Leadership Council at Conservation International. Jeff is also Co-Director of Summit Action Fund, which makes investments in startups that drive innovation and positive market disruption, such as Uber, Warby Parker, Katerra, Clover Health, Classpass, Ready Responders, Rubicon Recycling, Change.org, among others. Jeff is a Founding Partner at the Drawdown Fund with Paul Hawken, and a Senior Advisor to TPG Rise, one of the world’s largest Impact Funds. He is also an advisor to Inspire Energy, Seed, and a Senior Advisor to Learn Capital, as well as a Senior Advisor to Arabella Advisors, a leading philanthropy and impact investing consultancy, and is Senior Advisor to Laurel Strategies, a global business advisory and strategy firm for the world’s most visionary executives and institutions. Jeff is a member of the Pacific Council on International Policy, and a recipient of the Tribeca Disruptive Innovator Award."
"Entrepreneur (5 startups/acquisitions) & angel investor (40 startups) David is an entrepreneur and angel investor who is currently an EiR at Harvard Business School, Director of the Babson Summer Venture Program, and Executive Chair at Feelter. David has held product and marketing roles at five Boston-based startups that were acquired. He previously led the PayPal Boston office and co-founded the Start Tank innovation space. Earlier in his career, he held roles at TripAdvisor (IAC), m-Qube (Verisign), edocs (Siebel), SnapMyLife (Exclaim Mobility), and Goldman Sachs. As a leader in the entrepreneurship community, he holds several advisor/board memberships and has made 40 angel investments in early-stage startups. Recent awards include Boston Business Journal's Power 50: Most Influential Bostonians, BostInno’s 50 on Fire: Investment Winner / Tech Finalist, and Finalist for NEVY Angel of the Year. David holds a BS with Distinction in Computer Science from Cornell University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. David has a successful track record in hands-on roles at direct-to-consumer and enterprise companies, six of which were acquired or IPO’d. He was recently COO of the PayPal Media Network, led the PayPal Boston office, and the co-founder of the Start Tank innovation space. Earlier in his career, he was Director of New Products at TripAdvisor, VP of Marketing/Co-founder of SnapMyLife, Director of Product Marketing at m-Qube, Senior Product Manager at edocs, and VP of Technology at Goldman Sachs. As a leader in the entrepreneurship community, he holds several advisor/board memberships and has made 30 angel investments in early-stage startups. Recent awards include Boston Business Journal's Power 50: Most Influential Bostonians, Finalist for BostInno’s 50 on Fire for Tech, and Finalist for NEVY Angel of the Year. David holds a BS with Distinction in Computer Science from Cornell University and an MBA from Harvard Business School."
"As Chief Marketing Officer, 1-800-Flowers.com, Amit is responsible for leading a multi-channel marketing strategy for the brand across online, digital and social channels. Additionally, he manages innovation partnerships and provides strategic direction for the growth and development of mobile and social commerce across the company’s entire portfolio of brands. Amit has a proven track record for leading digital and performance marketing, while rapidly scaling user acquisition and revenue streams. He joined 1-800-Flowers.com in September 2011 to manage online, mobile and social marketing initiatives. Over the next several years, he was promoted to roles of increasing responsibility and was named Chief Marketing Officer in March 2017. Prior to joining the company, Amit held strategy and business development roles at FTD, Visiting Nurse Service of New York and McKinsey & Company. Under Amit’s leadership, the company continues to be at the forefront of implementing new and emerging technologies. To nurture and grow the entrepreneurial spirit across the company’s portfolio of brands, Amit oversees the company’s Digital Leadership Program, an incubator for young talent and catalyst for driving innovation throughout the organization. Amit is a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee for the Mobile Marketing Association. He has a master’s degree in Liberal Arts and Sciences/Liberal Studies from Harvard University and a Bachelor of Arts in Liberal Arts from Bowdoin College."
"Professor Shashua is the President & CEO of Mobileye and a Senior Vice President at Intel Corporation. He also holds the Sachs Chair in computer science at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.  Widely regarded as an expert in computer vision and machine learning, Shashua has published over 120 papers in the field of machine learning and computational vision, holds more than 45 patents, and has founded three startups in the fields of computer vision and machine learning.  In 1999, he co-founded Mobileye, which is a widely recognized leader in automated driving and advanced driving assistance systems. Intel acquired Mobileye in 2017. Today, more than 30 million cars rely on Mobileye technology to make their vehicles safer. Mobileye’s autonomous vehicle platform will be launched in 2021.  Earlier this year, Shashua was recognized as the Electronic Imaging (EI) Scientist of the Year by the Society for Imaging Science and Technology (IS&T) for his pivotal contributions to computer vision and machine learning, and for advancing autonomous driving and wearable assistive devices for the blind and visually-impaired."
"Martha Stewart is an Award-winning television show host, entrepreneur, and bestselling author, as well as a lifestyle expert and teacher. She is also the founder of Living Omnimedia. Millions of people rely on her as a source of ""how-to"" information for all aspects of everyday living, which include cooking, entertaining, gardening, home renovating, collecting, organizing, crafting, holidays, healthy living, and pets. Martha Stewart’s namesake company, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, which she founded in 1996, reaches approximately 100 million consumers across all media platforms each month with an expansive portfolio that includes award-winning magazines, bestselling books, websites and apps, television and video programming, and a live daily radio show. Born in 1941, Martha Stewart currently resides in Katonah, New York."
"Auren Hoffman is the CEO of LiveRamp (sold to Acxiom for $310 million on 2014).  Previously, he founded and sold three Internet companies before age 30: BridgePath (sold in 2002), Kyber Systems (sold in 1997), and GetRelevant (sold in 2002). He's an active angel investor or advisor in over 70 companies. Auren holds a B.S.E. in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research from the UC Berkeley. He writes a blog called Summation."
"Joseph Lubin is a co-founder of blockchain computing platform Ethereum and the founder of Consensus Systems (ConsenSys), a blockchain venture studio. ConsenSys is one of the largest and fastest-growing companies in the blockchain technology space, building developer tools, decentralized applications, and solutions for enterprises and governments that harness the power of Ethereum. Headquartered in New York, ConsenSys also has a global presence, employing top entrepreneurs, computer scientists, software developers, and experts in enterprise delivery worldwide. Lubin graduated from Princeton University with a degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. He worked in the Princeton Robotics Lab, at tomandandy music developing an autonomous music composition tool, and at private research firm Vision Applications Inc. building autonomous mobile robots. As a software engineer and consultant, Lubin worked with eMagine on the Identrus project and was involved in the founding and operation of a hedge fund with a partner. He held positions as Director of the New York office of Blacksmith Software Consulting, and VP of Technology in Private Wealth Management at Goldman Sachs. Through these posts, Lubin focused on the intersection of cryptography, engineering, and finance. Switching gears, Lubin moved to Kingston, Jamaica to work on projects in the music industry. Two years into his musical endeavors, Lubin co-founded the Ethereum Project and has been working on Ethereum and ConsenSys since January 2014."
"Mr. Kennedy is Vice President of Drilling of CWEI, having served in such capacity since October 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Kennedy had served as Drilling Manager of the Company since 1998. In 1987, Mr. Kennedy earned his BS in Petroleum Engineering from Texas Tech University. He is a member of the SPE, AADE and various other industry groups."
"Bill Gross founded UberMedia in 2010 after a series of frustrating experiences tweeting during the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen in December 2009, the World Economic Forum in Davos and at the annual TED conference in early 2010.  Getting lost in the noise of meaningless chatter and unable to easily connect with users interested in finding insightful tweeters from these events, Bill realized there had to be a better way to connect to serious tweeters and followers. Bill took his concept for UberMedia to the Idealab board and several potential investors, all of whom immediately saw its potential. Bill is also the CEO of Idealab, where he has started over 75 companies. He serves on the boards of directors of numerous companies and is a member of the Board of Trustees of the California Institute of Technology and of the Art Center College of Design. Bill received his B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology."
"Tan Hooi Ling is the Co-Founder of Grab, Southeast Asia’s leading on-demand O2O mobile platform. She oversees critical pillars of Grab’s operations, focused on business strategy and growth, analytics, customer experience and people operations."
"Brian Kelly leads Ascend Learning’s largest group, Clinical Healthcare Solutions (CHS). He oversees three key businesses: ATI Nursing Education, MedHub and National Healthcareer Association. Brian’s career started as an active-duty US Naval officer and transitioned to 25 years in healthcare from Pharma and Medical Device to Health Care Data and Analytics. Working at Dupont, Merck and Co and United Health Group/Optum, Brian gained leadership and executive experience in manufacturing, R&D, Strategy, Sales and Marketing and general management.  Most recently, he served as the President of Optum’s Life Sciences business, serving clients globally. Brian holds a master’s degree in Management from the University of Pennsylvania (Wharton and SEAS) and a bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering from Drexel University. Brian, his wife and five children live in Pennsylvania. He enjoys sports of any kind, but in particular any Philadelphia team. Brian also enjoys the challenge of triathlons and golf."
"David Wright is the Chief Executive Officer at ClearEdge Power. Prior to that, he served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of GridIron Systems from February 2010 to July 2011.  Prior to joining GridIron, David was Executive Vice President, Office of the CEO, Strategic Alliances and Global Accounts of EMC Corporation from July 2004 until August 2006. From October 2000 to July 2004, David served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Legato Systems before EMC acquired the company in 2004.  Prior to joining Legato, David had a 13-year career with Amdahl Corporation, where he had served as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1997 to 2000.  Before joining Amdahl, David spent 11 years with IBM, serving in variety of staff and management positions. David also serves on the board of directors of GridIron Systems, Verisk Analytics, Inc. and Geeknet.  He formerly served on the boards of Active Identity, Aspect Communication, AMCC, Boole and Babbage and the Silicon Valley Leadership Group.  David graduated from Xavier University with a BS in physics and a minor in mathematics."
"Demetria Devonne Lovato is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. After appearing on the children's television series Barney & Friends between 2002 and 2004, she received her breakthrough role starring as Mitchie Torres in the Disney Channel television film Camp Rock and its sequel Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam."
"Andrea Pignataro spent his early career as a bond trader before he founded ION Trading, a global provider of multi-asset class trading software, in 1999. He sold 30 percent of the company to TA Associates in 2004. In 2016, it is thought that he still retains a vast majority of the shares of the company, with the amount owned by TA Associates dropping to about 10 percent of the company."
"Dylan is CEO & Co-founder of Figma, Inc. After spending two and a half years at Brown University pursuing a CS/Math degree, Dylan dropped out with the support of the Thiel Fellowship in Summer, 2012.  Before the Fellowship, Dylan interned in product and engineering roles at Flipboard, LinkedIn, Microsoft Research, Indinero and O'Reilly Media. His obsessions include creative tools, data visualization, drones, computer vision and identity."
"Dave is an entrepreneur & investor.  He is Founder & Partner at Slow Ventures. A leading Silicon Valley venture capital firm that champions long term thinking and innovation. Slow serves a community of over 200 of the most innovative entrepreneurs and companies in the world. Including Slack, Pinterest, Evernote, NextDoor, Postmates, Blue Bottle and more. He was the Co-Founder and CEO of Path which was acquired by Kakao in 2015. He co-founded Path with the mission of being a source of happiness, meaning, and connection through simplicity, quality, and privacy in technology and design. Path continues to serves tens of millions of people each month to this day. Dave has had a lifelong passion for technology, entrepreneurship, culture, design, photography, nature, skiing, and improving society. He served both Apple and Facebook for several years during periods of rapid innovation and growth. Today, he serves on the Board of Directors of Eventbrite, Dwell, and Hinge. And, on the Boards of three Non-Profit Organizations, the United States Ski and Snowboard Association, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art (SFMOMA), and Montana ExplorationWorks. He holds a degree in Economics from the University of Colorado at Boulder.  He grew up under the big sky of Montana where he was ranked as one of the top downhill ski racers in America. Today, he lives and works in the beautiful San Francisco Bay Area with his wife Brit, son Ansel, and dog Pixel."
"Stanley Druckenmiller is chairman and chief executive officer of Duquesne Family Office, LLC. He founded Duquesne Capital Management in 1981, which he ran until he closed the firm at the end of 2010. From 1988 to 2000, he was managing director at Soros Fund Management, where he served as lead portfolio manager of the Quantum Fund and chief investment officer of Soros (1989–2000) and had overall responsibility for funds with a peak assessed value of $22 billion. Early on in his career, he worked at Pittsburgh National Bank and the Dreyfus Corporation. Mr. Druckenmiller is chairman of the board of the Harlem Children’s Zone, a board member of Memorial Sloan Kettering and the Environmental Defense Fund, a member of the Investment Committee of Bowdoin College, and cofounder and board member of Kasparov Chess Foundation. He graduated magna cum laude from Bowdoin College with degrees in economics and English and earned graduate degree credits in economics from the University of Michigan."
"Edward Miner ""Ned"" Lamont, Jr. is founder of Campus Televideo. Ned is a twenty-year veteran of the cable television industry and founder of the Company and assists in the management of over one hundred and thirty cable systems nationwide. A graduate of Harvard College and Yale School of Management, Ned managed the start up of Cablevision of Connecticut's 50,000 subscriber addressable system in Fairfield County, Connecticut. Lamont joined the board of Directors at Conservation Services Group in 2007 with a hiatus in 2010 while he ran for CT governor. Lamont has also been active in public service as former Chairman of the State Advisory Board overseeing the $20 billion pension fund, a teacher in entrepreneurship to high school in Bridgeport, CT, and a policy member at The Brookings Institution. Lamont is also a politician who in 2006 defeated the prominent incumbent Senator, Joe Lieberman, for Connecticut's Senatorial Democratic nomination."
"Niira Radia is the Chairperson of Nayati Healthcare. She has a dynamic consulting experience across various sectors. Niira Radia started a movement, a movement to transform the way healthcare is looked at in India. Niira Radia launched Nayati Healthcare in 2012 with the philosophy that people in tier II & tier III cities have an equal right to quality healthcare and the gap in proximity to quality healthcare needs to be bridged and hence imperative to take treatment to the patient. Under Niira Radia's leadership, Nayati Healthcare has commissioned two hospitals in UP: Mathura and Agra, and 3 hospitals in Delhi NCR. Nayati Healthcare has plans to expand further into other smaller cities like Amritsar, Varanasi etc."
"Justin Choi is a serial entrepreneur and founder of three successful companies across different technology sectors. Justin currently serves as Founder and CEO of Nativo, the most advanced advertising technology platform that helps brands create meaningful connections with consumers and empowers publishers with breakthrough monetization solutions. Prior to Nativo, Justin founded and led two companies to highly successful exits: Cie Games, a mobile app development firm acquired by Glu Mobile for $100M that built two top 25 grossing games, including the #1 mobile racing game, and attracted over 50M players; and Cie Digital Labs (CDL) an interactive agency that provides innovation consulting and custom app development services to major brands. Justin continues to serve as a CDL board member and acts as head of product strategy and development, and is an investor and board member at numerous organizations. A thought leader in digital media, advertising, gamification, and app development, Justin has been featured in The Wall Street Journal, Forbes, USA Today, Bloomberg West, TechCrunch, VentureBeat, AdWeek and other national publications."
"Herbert Diess is VW’s new CEO. He joined the company in 2015 after spending time at BMW. Dr. Herbert Diess has been a Member of Board of Management at Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft since October 1, 2007."
"Mr. Ralph Lauren has been our Executive Chairman and Chief Creative Officer since November 2015, and a director of the Company since prior to our initial public offering in 1997. He had been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since prior to our initial public offering in 1997 until November 2015, and he was a member of our Advisory Board or the Board of Directors of our predecessors since their organization. He founded our business in 1967. For over four decades, Mr. R. Lauren has cultivated the iconography of America into a global lifestyle brand."

"John McDonnell is the president of Menlo Group. He is also a managing partner at McDonnell Law Group. John has over 25 years of legal and business experience, working with some of the most innovative tech companies in Silicon Valley and worldwide. He has been lead legal counsel on thousands of partnership and acquisition transactions totaling over $1B for major corporations like Autodesk, HP, Pandora, PayPal, Samsung, and Shutterfly, as well as a wide variety of venture-backed technology companies.  Earlier in his career, as in-house legal counsel, John was a member of the teams that developed the first smartphone at Handspring and Palm, and the first cable Internet access service at Excite@Home.  John is admitted to practice law in California and was a founding member of the Internet and Privacy Law Committee of the California State Bar. He is an alumnus of the University of California at Berkeley and University of San Francisco School of Law where he was a member of the Law Review."
"Ben Ling is an Investment Partner at Khosla Ventures, where he is focused on mobile and Internet, marketplace, consumer health and data businesses. He is an accomplished executive and angel investor, with senior operating roles at Google, YouTube, Facebook, and Badoo. His personal investments include Square, Palantir, Quora, and PracticeFusion, Fab, DogVacay, and he holds advisory roles at Pinterest and Pulse. Ben currently serves on the board of Wattpad, Tapingo, Academia.edu, TheHunt, Quantopian, and Pymetrics. At Google, he was Google’s Senior Director of Search Products and Local Business Products, including overseeing Images, Videos, Books, News and Finance. At YouTube, he was Senior Director of Partnerships and Platform, responsible for Music, Movies, Sports, News, as well as Mobile, TV, and API partnerships. In his first role at Google, Ben was the founder and GM of Google’s Commerce group, including Google Wallet and Shopping. At Facebook, Ben was Director of Facebook Platform overseeing the Facebook developer ecosystem, and led product, marketing, developer operations, partner solutions, and helped build Facebook Connect, which has helped Facebook grow across the web. Ben holds a Ph.D. and Master’s in Computer Science from Stanford University and a B.S. in Electrical Engineering / Computer Science with a minor in Business Administration from UC Berkeley. Ben is a Department of Defense Fellow and recipient of UC Berkeley’s Bechtel Achievement Award (Top graduating senior in College of Engineering)."
"Paul manages the family office of Lord Stanley Fink, former CEO of Man Group Plc. He is a Trustee of the Ashden Awards for sustainable energy and a special adviser to the Ashden, JJ, Mark Leonard and Tedworth Sainsbury Family Charitable Trusts on their impact investing strategies and allocations. He is an adviser to the UBS Optimus Foundation and the Children’s Investment Fund Foundation (CIFF) on the development of an education impact bond in India. Paul has 14 years experience in investment banking and private equity with a particular focus on Africa, forestry and cleantech venture capital investing and is a frequent speaker to the family office community on matters of sustainability, impact investing and direct investing in Africa. Paul is a Swedish national and holds a BA Hon in economics and history from Oxford University and an MSc with distinction in political economy from the London School of Economics."
José Luis Zavala Solis es Presidente del Consejo de Administración de Marinsa
"Matt Hardy — finance guru, proud Cavalier King Charles Spaniel owner, handyman master — has a successful record of working with small tech companies, raising profits and guiding them to acquisition. He brings over 15 years of industry experience working in both the finance and technology sectors. Hardy is recognized in the field for building company’s market capital while substantially increasing shareholder value.  Prior to joining TeleSign, Hardy served as CFO at LiveOffice, the global leader in cloud-based email archiving and email compliance solutions. Hardy led all Finance, Legal, and Human Resources operations. During his time at LiveOffice the company successfully grew resulting in the sale to Symantec. Before LiveOffice, Hardy spent 7 years with Digital Insight, which was one of the earliest leading SaaS providers of financial software used by small-and-medium-sized banks and credit unions. As the Vice President of Finance, Hardy grew the company from $94 million to $300 million. The company’s rapid growth led to the sale to Intuit in 2007 valued at approximately $1.33 billion. Prior to Digital Insight and LiveOffice, Hardy worked in investing banking for Credit Suisse. Hardy received his Bachelor of Science in accounting and information systems from Brigham Young University and a Master in Business Administration from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania."
"Barbara Corcoran’s credentials include straight D’s in high school and college and twenty jobs by the time she turned twenty-three. It was her next job that would make her one of the most successful entrepreneurs in the country when she took a $1000 loan to start The Corcoran Group. As one of the “Sharks” on ABC’s hit TV show, SHARK TANK, Barbara has ponied up her own money and invested in twenty-two businesses, competing to make those deals for all to see, then shepherding them to success. Her newest book, SHARK TALES, takes you behind the scenes of her life and business and her ‘seen on TV’ venture capitalism. Barbara is famously brash and blunt, bold and courageous, and a brilliant identifier of opportunity and talent (often invisible to others)."
"Before Plum, Will was on the UK board of the innovation consultancy, Happen, where he led projects that solved consumer and business needs to launch new products and services for brands like Arla, Carlsberg, Ticketmaster, Electrolux, Gu and Glenfiddich. Before that he ran an art gallery, worked as an interior designer and trained as an architect. He also tells us that he is the slowest cook known to man (omelette = 2 hour task)."
"Gokul Rajaram is the product engineering lead at Square, the commerce company based in San Francisco, CA, that offers local businesses a full suite of hardware and software tools, including the Square credit card reader for iPhone, iPad and Android devices, and Square Register, a full point-of-sale system. Prior to Square, Gokul was product director of ads at Facebook. In that role, he drove the product road map and execution for Facebook’s advertising products, which account for the bulk of Facebook's revenues. Earlier, Gokul was product management director for Google AdSense. He helped conceive and crystallize the product in early 2003, and played a key role in its launch and growth from 2003 onwards into a multibillion dollar product line."
"James Murdoch is CEO of 21st Century Fox, the world's premier portfolio of cable, broadcast, film, pay-TV and satellite assets.  Murdoch has held a succession of leadership roles over his nearly two-decade career with the Company, culminating in his appointment to CEO in 2015. Over that period, he has been a key driver of the Company's domestic and international expansion, having previously served as Co-Chief Operating Officer, and, prior to that, as Chairman and CEO for Europe and Asia, as well as Chairman of BSkyB, Sky Deutschland, and Sky Italia, the businesses that now comprise the pan-European Sky group. His significant operational experience also includes tenures as CEO of both BSkyB and STAR, India's number one entertainment broadcaster. As 21st Century Fox's Co-Chief Operating Officer, Murdoch had a broad purview across the Company's global portfolio of businesses, and direct responsibility for its cable and broadcasting networks and properties."
"Jimmy Iovine, the Chairman of Universal Music Group’s Interscope Geffen A&M Records unit, is regarded as both a legendary figure in the music industry as well as a forward-thinking visionary. The Brooklyn-born Iovine’s four-decade career began when he was just out of his teens. As a recording engineer, he found himself in the studio with John Lennon and Bruce Springsteen (Born To Run, Darkness On The Edge Of Town) before setting his sights on being a producer. Building on what he’d learned from the masters, he helped Patti Smith (Easter), Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers (Damn The Torpedoes), and U2 (Rattle & Hum) -- all current Rock and Roll Hall of Famers -- achieve career breakthroughs. He also produced Stevie Nicks first solo album (Bella Donna) as well as albums for Dire Straits (Making Movies) and The Pretenders (Get Close). Interscope, the record label that Iovine co-founded in 1990, has come to be widely regarded as the home of music’s most consistently fearless, intriguing, and popular artists, including Dr. Dre, Nine Inch Nails, U2, Mary J. Blige, No Doubt, Marilyn Manson, The Black Eyed Peas, Eminem, 50 Cent, and Lady Gaga. Powered by Iovine’s peerless rapport with musicians, new buzzed-about stars like Azealia Banks, Ellie Goulding, Kendrick Lamar, and Lana Del Rey, are ensuring that that reputation endures. With the rise of hip-hop, alternative culture, and technology, Iovine didn’t rest on his legacy but instead used his credibility and integrity to transform Interscope into a multi-media powerhouse that puts artists and ideas first. “The way I produce records now is I support record producers,” Iovine has said. Iovine co-produced the hit Eminem movie 8 Mile directed by Curtis Hanson and executive produced the critically acclaimed LeBron James documentary More Than A Game. In 2006, Iovine and hip-hop pioneer/producer Dr. Dre co-founded Beats By Dr. Dre, a high-performance headphone and sound transmission company intent on recapturing the fidelity of the studio. “Dre’s and my mission for Beats was to introduce premium audio to a generation that had never experienced the emotion of music as intended by the artists because of substandard ear buds and PCs,” says Iovine. Thanks to the sleekly designed headphones, as well as expansion into smart phones and car audio systems, Beats By Dr. Dre has been widely successful, securing the #1 spot in the billion+ dollar premium headphones industry. Iovine is now expanding the Beats Brand and reputation into the digital music space with Beats Music—the first streaming music service delivering contextually and culturally relevant playlists, personalized for each user, by real music experts. In many ways, Beats Music is Iovine’s latest “supergroup” with former Topspin exec Ian Rogers and Nine Inch Nails front man Trent Reznor will work alongside Beats Electronics President Luke Wood to create the next chapter of the music business and bring streaming music to the masses. For the last two years, Iovine has found a new outlet for his hard-earned wisdom. Most Americans know him as the outspoken and frank mentor who shares his insight and expertise with contestants on Fox’s ratings blockbuster American Idol. Under Iovine’s watchful eye, Idol’s standout performers now release their music through Interscope, whose A&R and marketing strategies have led to breakout careers for Scotty McCreery and Phillip Phillips."
"Sallie Krawcheck’s professional mission is to help women reach their financial and professional goals (or, put more bluntly, to get more money into the hands of women), thus enabling them to live better lives and unleashing a positive ripple effect for our families, our communities and our economy. To that end, she is the C.E.O. and Co-Founder of Ellevest, a digital-first, mission-driven investment platform for women. Ellevest is one of the fastest-growing digital investment platforms, named No. 24 on CNBC’s top 50 Disruptor list, No. 14 on LinkedIn’s 50 Most Sought-After Startups (and No. 2 in New York), and one of Entrepreneur magazine’s Top 100 Brilliant Ideas. Krawcheck is also Chair of the Ellevate Network, a 135 thousand-strong global professional women’s network; she is Chair of the Pax Ellevate Global Women’s Leadership Fund, a fund that invests in the top-rated companies for advancing women; and she is the best-selling author of “Own It: The Power of Women at Work.” Before launching Ellevest, Krawcheck built a successful career on Wall Street. She was the C.E.O. of Merrill Lynch, Smith Barney, US Trust, the Citi Private Bank, and Sanford C. Bernstein. She was also C.F.O. for Citigroup. Prior to that, Krawcheck was a top-ranked research analyst covering the securities industry."
"Mitchell Elegbe is the founder and CEO of Interswitch Limited, and he maintains the leadership role since conceiving the idea in 2001. Prior to setting up Interswitch he was the Head, Group Marketing and Business Solution in Telnet Nigeria; there he conceived the idea and led a team of young Nigerians to build and implement Nigeria’s first on-line, real-time transaction switching and payment processing infrastructure to enable the electronic circulation of money. This was at a time when the general view was that such a system was not possible given the infrastructural challenges in Nigeria."
"Yashish Dahiya, CEO & Co-Founder, PolicyBazaar.com holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering from IIT Delhi, a Post Graduate Diploma in Management from IIM Ahmedabad, and an MBA from INSEAD. He started his career as a Business Unit Head at Illinios Tool Works and later moved on to Bain & Co. to work as a Management Consultant. Before starting his entrepreneurial journey with PolicyBazaar.com, he worked with First Europa, a Global Online Insurance Broker, as their CEO. At First Europa, he was responsible for leading the global expansion and managing the business of the company across 9 geographical locations. He has also had experience of working with an online travel aggregator, ebors.com, a leading pan-European online travel agency and led their business as the Managing Director."
Fred Wilson has been a venture capitalist since 1987. He currently is a managing partner at Union Square Ventures and also founded Flatiron Partners. Fred has a Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering from MIT and an MBA from The Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania. Fred is married with three children and lives in New York City.
"Nikhil joined Shasta in 2012 having spent time both at startups and in venture capital. He was previously a member of the investment team at Insight Venture Partners, a $5B growth-stage venture capital firm in New York, where he focused on investments in consumer internet and mobile, enterprise software, and data services. In college, Nikhil helped to start a number of technology and non-technology ventures, including Art.sy, a platform for discovering, learning about, and collecting art. He founded a social enterprise, My Card My Story, which produces greeting cards that incorporate the stories and artwork of underprivileged children in Mumbai, India. Nikhil served as co-president of the Princeton Entrepreneurship Club for two years, during which he helped to launch popular new programs such as an elevator pitch competition and an idea generation forum, and laid the foundations for an entrepreneurial ecosystem on campus.  Nikhil holds an A.B. in Molecular Biology with a Certificate in Finance from Princeton University, where he won the Spirit of Princeton Award. His thesis research focused on computational biology, human genomics, and the path towards personalized medicine. Nikhil grew up in the UK, India, and California, and is an avid follower of soccer, cricket, tennis, and Bay Area sports teams."
"Josh Jacobs is global CEO of Accuen Media, Omnicom’s Programmatic Media Buying Platform. At Accuen Josh is responsible for planning and executing the strategy for Omnicom’s programmatic media buying business.  Prior to Accuen, Josh was SVP of Advertising Products and Global Marketing at Glam Media. Josh joined Glam Media from Yahoo! where he was VP and General Manager of Marketing Technology and was responsible for driving Yahoo!’s advertising technology and publisher network display partnership strategy as well as General Manager of the RightMedia Exchange.  Prior to Yahoo! Josh was President of privately held software company X1, and was a senior executive at several early internet media startups including Bigstep.com, which he co-founded. Josh began his career as a software engineer, leading the development teams for several award winning consumer products including NetObjects Fusion."
"Prior to founding Zoom, Eric was corporate vice president of engineering at Cisco, where he was responsible for Cisco's collaboration software development. As one of the founding engineers and vice president of engineering at Webex, Eric was the heart and soul of the Webex product from 1997 to 2011. Eric proudly grew his team from 10 engineers to more than 800 worldwide, and contributed to revenue growth from $0 to more than $800M.   In 2017, Eric was added to the Business Insider list of the 52 Most Powerful People in Enterprise Tech. In 2018, he was named the #1 CEO of a large US company by Glassdoor and EY Entrepreneur of the Year in Northern California (software category). Eric is a named inventor on 11 issued and 20 pending patents in real time collaboration.   Eric earned a certification from the Stanford University Executive Program."
"Charlie Lee is the creator of Litecoin, the most popular alternative currency to Bitcoin. He is an engineer manager at Coinbase. Prior to joining Coinbase, he spent 6 years at Google working on YouTube Mobile, Chrome OS, and the Google Play Games platform. Charlie earned a Bachelors and Masters degree in electrical engineering and computer science from M.I.T."
"Jerry Yang, a Taiwanese native raised in San Jose, Calif., co-created the Yahoo Internet navigational guide in April 1994 with David Filo and co-founded Yahoo Inc. in April 1995. He was appointed chief executive officer of the company in November 2008. Yang, a leading force in the Internet media industry, has been instrumental in building Yahoo into the world's most highly trafficked Web site and one of the world's most recognized brands. Since the company's founding, Jerry Yang has been a key member of the executive management team.  His focus at Yahoo over the years has included corporate strategy, Yahoo's technology vision, strategic business partnerships and international joint ventures, and recruiting key talent.In addition to serving on the Yahoo Board of Directors, Jerry Yang currently serves on the board of directors of Cisco Systems, Yahoo Japan, and Alibaba, and is also on the Stanford University Board of Trustees. Yang holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University and is currently on a leave of absence from Stanford's electrical engineering Ph.D. program."
"Michael Jeffrey Jordan, also known by his initials, MJ, is an American retired professional basketball player."
"Eminem was born Marshall Bruce Mathers III in St. Joseph, Missouri, to Deborah R. (Nelson) and Marshall Bruce Mathers, Jr., who were in a band together, Daddy Warbucks. He is of English, as well as some German, Scottish, and Swiss-German, ancestry. Marshall spent his early childhood being shoved back and forth from Kansas City and Detroit. He settled on the Eastside of Detroit when he was 12. Switching schools every two to three months made it difficult to make friends, graduate and to stay out of trouble. Marshall attended Lincoln High School in Warren, Michigan, 1986-1989. Being a rap fan for most of his life, Marshall began rapping at the early age of 4. Rhyming words together, battling schoolmates in the lunchroom brought joy to what was otherwise a painful existence. At the age of 14, he began to get very serious about his rapping but it wasn't until he was 17 that he actually made a name for himself, becoming M&M, which he would later respell as ""Eminem"". Being rejected by most fellow rappers because of his race, Marshall grew an anger that flows through his music to this day. After failing the 9th grade for three times in a row, he quit school, but has remarked that he does not consider himself stupid and does not advise that people should follow his example. He says that it just wasn't for him. Forcing himself on radio shows, freestyle battles, Marshall threw himself head first into the rap game, where he was swallowed up most of the time. His very first album was titled ""Infinite"" and, while the album sold less than a thousand copies, it was the gearing up stages for the rapper who became a millionaire. It was then that his daughter, Hailie Jade Scott, was born on December 25th of 1995 with long time girlfriend Kim Scott. Having nothing to lose at all, flat broke and not knowing where he would be living the next week, Marshall set out to rant about life in general, the set quickly caught the ear of hip-hop's difficult-to-please underground. What came out of this was the Slim Shady EP, the early work for the later Dr. Dre revised Slim Shady LP. Down to nearly his last dime, he went into the 1997 Rap Olympics in Los Angeles, basically hoping to win the $1,500 cash prize which he badly needed. After battling for an hour and throwing back every race diss thrown at him, Marshall made it to second place losing in a slip up. Furious that he had lost, Marshall didn't even notice that he had been spotted. In the crowd were a few producers from Interscope, and they were handed a copy of the ""Infinite"" tape by way of a demo. Dr. Dre got to hear it and eventually tracked him down. The two instantly hit it off, recording four songs in their first six hours of working - three which made it to his first LP. After the album was finished, Dr. Dre asked Marshall to come work with him on his new album. He helped produce several tracks and was on the best songs of the album. Now officially making it, Marshall and Dre set to make his second LP. The album became the Marshall Mathers LP and won 3 Grammies and was the first rap album ever to be nominated ""Album of the Year"", selling more than 8 million records in the United States alone. He also stunned critics when he shot down all homophobic remarks by performing ""Stan"" with Elton John. Eminem made a movie, 8 Mile (2002). Though 2001 was a rough year for the rapper, being charged with weapon offenses, divorcing his wife, and almost going to prison, Marshall has explained his life in one word: ""Claimer""."
"Bradley Tusk is a venture capitalist who protects startups from political risk. He is the CEO and founder of Tusk Ventures, the first venture capital fund dedicated to working with and investing in startups in regulated industries. His fund, Tusk Ventures, has now worked with and invested in dozens of startups like Bird, FanDuel, Lemonade, Circle and Ripple. Bradley previously served as Mayor Bloomberg’s campaign manager in New York City, Deputy Governor of Illinois, and Senator Chuck Schumer’s communications director"
"Since leaving Downing Street, Tony Blair has served as the Quartet Representative to the Middle East. He represents the USA, UN, Russia and the EU, working with the Palestinians to prepare for statehood as part of the international community's effort to secure peace. The Tony Blair Faith Foundation promotes respect and understanding between the major religions and makes the case for faith as a force for good in the modern world. Faith is vitally important to hundreds of millions of people. But religious faith can also be used to divide. The Tony Blair Faith Foundation is a response to these opportunities and challenges. The Africa Governance Inititiative delivers projects in Rwanda, Sierra Leone and Liberia, advising President Kagame, President Koroma and President Johnson-Sirleaf respectively on policy delivery and attracting investmen, with a team of his staff working full time at the centre of all three governments.  As the first major head of government to bring climate change to the top of the international political agenda at the 2005 Gleneagles G8 summit, Tony Blair now leads the Breaking the Climate Deadlock initiative, working with world leaders to build consensus on a new comprehensive international climate policy framework. In recognition of his debt to the North East of England, he has launched the Tony Blair Sports Foundation, to increase opportunities for young people to participate in sport."
"DeepMind is a neuroscience-inspired AI company, bought by Google in Jan 2014 in their largest European acquisition to date. Demis is now Vice President of Engineering at Google DeepMind and leads Google’s general AI efforts, including the development of AlphaGo, the first program to ever beat a professional player at the game of Go.  Demis is a former child chess prodigy, who finished his A-levels two years early before coding the multi-million selling simulation game Theme Park aged 17. Following graduation from Cambridge University with a Double First in Computer Science he founded the pioneering videogames company Elixir Studios producing award-winning games for global publishers such as Vivendi Universal.  After a decade of experience leading successful technology startups, Demis returned to academia to complete a PhD in cognitive neuroscience at UCL, followed by postdocs at MIT and Harvard, before founding DeepMind."
"Frank Slootman currently serves as Chairman and CEO at Snowflake. Frank has over 25 years of experience as an entrepreneur and executive in the enterprise software industry. Mr. Slootman served as CEO and President of ServiceNow from 2011 to 2017, taking the organization from around $100M in revenue, through an IPO, to $1.4B. Prior to that, Frank served as President of the Backup Recovery Systems Division at EMC following an acquisition of Data Domain Corporation/Data Domain, Inc., where he served as the Chief Executive Officer and President, leading the company through an IPO to its acquisition by EMC for $2.4B. Slootman holds undergraduate and graduate degrees in economics from the Netherlands School of Economics, Erasmus University Rotterdam."
"Yael Aflalo is the founder and CEO of Reformation, a transformative LA-based clothing brand using sustainable fabrics and practices to produce limited-edition collections. Reformation offers stylish eco-friendly garments, proving that fashion and sustainability can coexist beautifully. Using vintage garments, deadstock materials and eco fabrics, Reformation makes beautiful styles at a fraction of the environmental impact generated by most fashion brands. With sustainability as the driving force, Reformation infuses green measures into every aspect of the business, from a heat-reflecting roof and clean energy in its factory to recycled hangers in stores and eco-friendly packaging. Home to the first sustainable sewing factory in the U.S., Reformation designs, manufactures, photographs and ships all products under one roof. With stores in Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco and Dallas, and e-commerce at www.thereformation.com, Reformation continues to lead the movement in sustainable fashion."
"Mike joined the Board as a non-executive Director in September 2013. He was formerly Head of Quality and Risk Management for KPMG Europe LLP (""ELLP""), which forms part of the KPMG global network, where his responsibilities included the management of professional risks and quality control.  He was a member of the ELLP Board and was also KPMG UK's designated Ethics Partner. Mike has over 20 years experience as an audit partner, during which he was the lead audit partner for several large financial services groups, most recently HSBC Holdings and Standard Chartered PLC, and also for the Bank of England. Mike has an in depth understanding of auditing and the associated regulatory issues, with specific experience of large, global banks."
"Tim earned his A.B. from Harvard University, graduating cum laude with a major in Government. He co-founded ArborBridge with Andrew in 2007, has personally tutored nearly every academic subject, and has prepared students for the SAT, SAT Subject Tests, ACT, GRE and ISEE tests.  Tim is also the writer and illustrator of the blog Wait But Why, which he co-founded with Andrew in 2013."
"Larry is passionate about joyful products, breakthrough technologies and people that know how to manifest a clear vision. Investments include: Pandora (streaming music, founding investor) , SoundHound, (sound and voice search), Aarki (mobile app marketing), Skip (retail-tech; check out on your phone), goTenna (off-grid communications), TouchBistro (restaurant point of sale), TodayTix (discount theater tickets), MeUndies (eCommerce), Robust Wealth (Financial Software), Square Two (games publisher),  Terayon (acquired by Motorola).  As an Angel investor, Larry has backed companies including Netflix (IPO), BandPage (acquired by Google), Maestro, Jukely, LyricFind, Wingz, Brrr!, Camio and The Ambassadors Company.  See his AngelList profile.  Prior to Walden, Larry was a digital media sell-side Equity Research Analyst at Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown where he lead the top performing IPOs of 1998 and 1999 (Terayon and CBS MarketWatch), as well as the IPOs of Netflix (initial S-1 IPO filing), Maxis (acquired by Electronic Arts), Edmark (acquired by IBM) and among other equity and debt financings (Broderbund, Sierra On-line, Excite@Home, Spectrum Holobyte, CBS Sportsline). Prior experience includes Robertson Stephens & Company, Market research at Digidesign and General Management in computer services retail.   Education: Larry received a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Business Administration from the University of California at Berkeley. Larry is a frequent guest lecturer at Haas Graduate School of Business and has been a speaker at Stanford Graduate School of Business and Harvard Business School.  He has been a speaker and panelist at numerous conferences including SF MusicTech, Convergence, VentureBeat, CMW, Billboard, Pollstar, AlwaysOn, Digital Hollywood, Under The Radar, and Vator.TV among others.   Larry enjoys collecting vintage dead hardware, golfing and playing music.  Larry is an active recording and gigging drummer.  Hear his playing on music by: Maxine Marcus, Corinne Marcus, Megan Keely or the Flying Other Brothers. See the music he loves at www.pandora.com/people/larry.  He was named to the Billboard Power 100 in music and the Twitter 140 to follow.   "
"The Rt Hon Philip Hammond MP was appointed Foreign Secretary on 15 July 2014. He was elected Conservative MP for Runnymede and Weybridge in 1997. Philip was born in Epping, Essex in 1955 and attended school in Brentwood before studying politics, philosophy and economics at University College, Oxford. He was previously Secretary of State for Transport from May 2010, when he was appointed as a Privy Counsellor. Prior to this, he held a number of shadow portfolios. He was elected to Parliament in 1997 and was appointed Secretary of State for Defence in 2011. Philip had a business career in small and medium-sized companies in manufacturing, consultancy, property and construction, and oil and gas, both in the UK and abroad."
"Tom X. Lee is the chief executive officer of One Medical Group. Previously, he was the chief medical officer and vice president for product design at Epocrates. From 2000 to 2007, Lee served as an associate at the University of California, San Francisco. Before that, he was a senior program officer at California HealthCare Foundation. Lee holds a bachelor’s degree from Yale University and master’s degree from Stanford University Graduate School of Business. He also holds a medical degree from the University of Washington School of Medicine. Lee resides in San Francisco, California, United States."
"Munster specializes in Internet research at Piper Jaffray, focusing on the US, Europe, China, & Latin America. In addition to covering companies such as Google, Yahoo!, Amazon, Baidu, and MercadoLibre for Piper Jaffray, Munster is an independently renowned Apple analyst. His research and commentaries are highly regarded within Financial and Technological fields, and are regularly cited as sources of valid data by media professionals and tech executives alike."
"Fabrice Grinda is among the world’s leading Internet entrepreneurs and investors. He has over $300 million in exits and 150 angel investments. Fabrice has served as CEO for three multinational companies and has an impressive track record as an early investor in Alibaba, Lending Club, Delivery Hero and Brightroll. Fabrice is currently investing in startups and building companies through FJ Labs, which he cofounded with business partner Jose Marin. Fabrice is also co-founder and executive chairman of Beepi, a next generation used car marketplace. Beepi recently raised $60 million in series B funding. Prior to FJ Labs and Beepi, Fabrice was co-founder and co-CEO of OLX, one of the largest websites in the world with over 200 million unique visitors per month. The company operates in 40 countries and has over 1,200 employees. OLX is the largest classifieds site in India, Brazil, Pakistan, Poland, Ukraine, Portugal and many other emerging markets. Before OLX, Fabrice was co-founder and CEO of Zingy, one of the largest wireless media companies in the Americas. Fabrice successfully grew the business to $200 million in sales in four years. Fabrice started his entrepreneurial journey in 1998, at 23, when he co-founded and was CEO of Aucland. Soon after, Aucland grew into one of the largest auction sites in Europe. Before his entrepreneurial endeavors, Fabrice worked as a management consultant for McKinsey & Company. Fabrice holds a BA in Economics from Princeton University. He graduated Summa Cum Laude in 1996, and was awarded the Halbert White prize, given to the most distinguished economics student, as well as The Wolfe Balleisen memorial prize, awarded for best thesis. In his free time, Fabrice likes to travel the world, kitesurf, play tennis, and blog about his personal and professional life at www.fabricegrinda.com."
"Scott Thompson was formerly CEO of [Yahoo!](/organization/yahoo). Before taking up this role he served as president of [PayPal](/organization/paypal) with overall responsibility for growing the global leader in online payments. Succeeding Rajiv Dutta in 2008, Scott previously served as PayPal's senior vice president and chief technology officer where he oversaw information technology, product development, and architecture for PayPal. Prior to PayPal, Scott worked for Inovant, a subsidiary of Visa formed to oversee global technology for the organization. As executive vice president of technology solutions at Inovant, he was responsible for all development, support and maintenance of Visa's global payment system. Scott was also chief information officer of Barclays Global Investors, where he implemented a new strategic technology platform and global infrastructure. In addition, he has worked with Coopers and Lybrand, delivering information technology solutions to leading financial services clients such as Wells Fargo. Scott received a bachelor's degree in accounting from Stonehill College. In 2012, Yahoo admitted his earlier claim that he received a computer science degree was false."
"Bryant Barr is the President of SC30 Inc., the company responsible for Stephen Curry's complete off-court business portfolio. Spearheading all brand partnership, media, investment and philanthropic endeavors for the fast-growing entity, Barr also assumes the role of providing overall strategic counsel and identifying promising early stage companies.  Prior to SC30 Inc. Bryant founded Slyce, an end-to-end workflow and analytics platform that empowered brands like Red Bull and Under Amour to seamlessly manage the branded content shared and created by the brand’s ambassadors, and previously worked at Nike across multiple finance, strategy and brand management roles. A Maine native currently in the Bay Area, Barr holds a Masters of Business Administration from the Stanford Graduate School of Business, and a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics and Economics from Davidson College."
"Gaurav Chopra is the founder of IndiaLends, a credit underwriting and analytics platform based in India that has witnessed exponential growth since it started in March 2015. Prior to IndiaLends, Gaurav has spent a decade in consumer and business unsecured credit across the US, UK, and Indian markets. He has held various senior positions in analytics, credit risk, marketing, and business development at Capital One Financial Corporation.  Chopra has an MBA from the London Business School, MSc. from the London School of Economics, and a BA (Hons) in Mathematics from St. Stephens College, New Delhi."
"Jean-Claude Juncker is a Luxembourgish politician serving as President of the European Commission since 2014. From 1995 to 2013 he was the 23rd Prime Minister of Luxembourg, and from 1989 to 2009 he was the Minister for Finances."
Megan Anna Rapinoe is an American professional soccer midfielder/winger who plays for and captains Seattle Reign FC in the National Women's Soccer League.
"Mark Gillespie is an accomplished music manager and entertainment executive. As CEO and co-founder of the entertainment management company Three Six Zero, he utilizes his visionary perspective to skillfully unite music, entertainment, and technology.  His understanding of emerging industry trends and experience with artists such as Calvin Harris provide Gillespie the expertise to break boundaries and help artists reach global audiences in innovative ways. Focusing on quality and creative development, he remains committed to furthering the careers of his existing clients and onboarding only the greatest new talent."
"Mahaney has been ranked No. 1 in the Institutional Investor Poll for the Internet sector (2008-2012). He has also been ranked No. 1 in the Greenwich Institutional Investor Poll for the Internet sector, as well as the No. 1 earnings estimator and the No. 1 stock picker in the Internet retail segment by the Financial Times and StarMine. Mahaney has been covering Internet stocks since 1998. Prior to joining our research team, he worked on both the sell side and the buy side, including with American Technology Research, Morgan Stanley, and Citibank.  Prior to Wall Street, Mahaney worked in management consulting with Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and with the US Department of State, the US Senate, and the Office of the US Trade Representative."
"Michael L. Smith served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Anthem, Inc., and its subsidiaries, Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield, from April 1999 until his retirement in January 2005.  Anthem is one of the largest health benefits companies in the United States. From April 1996 to March 1998, he served as Chief Operating Officer and CFO of American Health Network, a former Anthem subsidiary that provided physician practice management services to 270 primary care practices in Indiana, Kentucky and Ohio.  Prior to joining Anthem, Mr. Smith was Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of transportation company, Mayflower Group, Inc.  He began his business career in the Indianapolis office of Arthur Andersen & Co. after graduating from DePauw University in 1970. Mr. Smith currently serves on the Boards of Directors for several businesses, including Emergency Medical Services Corporation, Inc., the nation’s largest emergency medical services provider; Kite Realty Group Trust, a real estate investment trust, or REIT; Vectren Corporation, a progressive energy-holding company; and HH Gregg Appliances, Inc., one of the nation’s leading retailers of home appliances and consumer electronics.  He also serves on the Boards of Finishmaster, Inc., and its parent, Ldi Ltd., and Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P.  Additionally, Mr. Smith serves on the Board of the Central Indiana Community Foundation and is a member of the Board of Trustees of DePauw University, the Indiana Commission for Higher Education and Lumina Foundation for Education.  Mr. Smith is a founding member of Cardinal Equity Partners, a mid-market private equity investment fund headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana."
"Matt Williams is Founder and CEO of Pro.com, and a successful serial entrepreneur who has spent 15 years in leadership positions with web-based consumer technology platforms. Most recently, Matt served as entrepreneur-in-residence at Andreessen Horowitz. Prior to that, Matt led the complete overhaul of Digg where he joined as CEO in 2010 to rebuild the site from the ground up and contributed to its successful acquisition by Betaworks in 2012.  Matt spent 12 years at Amazon where he managed Amazon’s Auctions and Marketplace, Community and Cross Merchandising, Tech Alliances, Web Store, and Consumer Payments divisions. Prior to Amazon, Matt founded and was the CEO of Livebid, which was acquired by Amazon in 1999.  Matt currently lives in Seattle and is a graduate of the University of Arizona."
"Arik Shtilman serves as the CEO of Rapyd, the B2B service enabling enterprises and mobile platforms to make digital payments and withdraw money through use of a single API. He is also a member of the Board of Directors at CashDash, a currency exchange mobile application for travelers that eliminates the need for carrying large amounts of cash between travel destinations. Prior to Rapyd, Arik was the CEO and founder of ITNAVIGATR, a cloud-based management and performance company, which was acquired by Avaya in 2013."

"Shivani Siroya is the founder and CEO of Tala, a mobile technology and data science company that is working to deliver financial access, choice and control to underserved people around the world. Tala’s smartphone app instantly evaluates customers for credit using only the data on their devices and delivers customized loans in minutes. Prior to founding Tala, Shivani held a variety of positions in global health, microfinance, and investment banking, including with the United Nations Population Fund, Health Net, Citigroup and UBS. Shivani is a 2016 Aspen Institute Finance Leader Fellow, 2016 WEF Young Global Leader, 2015 Senior TED Fellow and 2013 Ashoka Fellow. She is also on the board of Stellar.org. She holds a M.P.H from Columbia University and a B.A. from Wesleyan University."
"Daniel Jones is a US and Africa based entrepreneur with over 17 years of experience living and working in emerging and frontier markets including China, the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), and India. He has professional roots in technology, applied mathematics, electronic commerce, and emerging economies. In 1991, Dan was with the Defense Intelligence Agency where he was a key architect and topology designer of the Joint Worldwide Intelligence Communications Systems (JWICS), the first and now largest TCP/IP system to transfer voice, video, and data across Top Secret networks. Dan spent the last five years living in Kinshasa, DRC, where he evaluated supply chains and structured/funded companies as CEO and founder of Pioneer Management. In the DRC, he founded RAMIKA, the first US-owned company to successfully export conflict-free minerals from the DRC to the US in compliance with supply chain and traceability requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act. In addition, he structured the first private port facility constructed in the DRC. Dan has a B.S. in Operations Research and Industrial Engineering from Cornell and an M.B.A. with concentrations in International Business, Finance, and Business Strategy from the University of Chicago (Booth). He served as an Adjunct Professor of Strategic Management at the University of Chicago, where his specialty was the impact of technology on Business Strategy."
"Lukasz Gadowski serves as Chairman of the Board at Delivery Hero. He is an internet entrepreneur and investor. His track record includes: Co-founder and CEO at Spreadshirt; Co-founder and Partner at Team Europe (Company Builder); Co-founder and Advisor at Point Nine Capital (early stage VC). Founding Investor and/or Company Builder at studiVZ, Mister Spex, brands4friends.com, SponsorPay, HitFox Group, Kauferportal, and others. Lukasz is Chairman of most of the aforementioned companies. Further, he is Co-founder and was founding editor at gruenderszene.de, today one of Europe's largest magazines on entrepreneurship. He studied Business Informatics in Paderborn, and Business in Mannheim and at the HHL Leipzig, including a stint as visiting student at Georgia Tech, Atlanta."
"Former Jacksonville Jaguars Linebacker Dan Skuta became a business investor after a nine-year career with the NFL. Before his NFL career, Dan Skuta was signed to play football with Grand Valley State University (GVSU), where he played out his college career.  Dan Skuta eventually took a break from school to pursue a career in the National Football League before returning to GVSU, from which he graduated in 2011 with a Physical Education major with an emphasis in Coaching. Daniel Skuta, retired from the NFL in 2017 due to a devastating hip injury. Since then, former Jacksonville Jaguars linebacker, Dan Skuta, has launched two clothing brands, Sacksonville and Sackfrancisco, which allows him to work with less fortunate children and host a free football camp for kids."
"Marius Nacht, one of Check Point’s founders, has served as Chairman of our board of directors since 2015. Nacht has also served as one of our directors since we were incorporated in 1993. From 1999 through 2005, Nacht held Senior Vice President roles at Check Point.  Nacht earned a B.S. (cum laude) in Physics and Mathematics from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1983, and an M.S. in Electrical Engineering and Communication Systems from Tel Aviv University in 1987."
"Bhanu Choudhrie was born in 1978 in New Delhi, India. He grew up there with his parents and brother. After Bhanu finished his education, he went to the United States to study international business and marketing at the University of Boston. An internship at JP Morgan followed his graduation, and Bhanu went to work at C&C Alpha Group in London after that.  C&C Alpha Group is a private investment strategy company that he is a founder of. He became the executive director in 2001 and maintains that role today. Mr. Choudhrie has been the executive director of C&C Alpha Group Ltd (CCAG) since 2001 and the group has a vast portfolio of investments, from luxury award-winning spa hotels in India and Mauritius to care homes in the UK. In addition to his business ventures, Mr. Choudhrie also pursues many philanthropic causes and is a liberal donor to charities around the world.  At C&C Alpha Group, Bhanu Choudhrie works with his brother and the rest of the leadership team to provide advising and consulting services to venture capital investors. In addition to identifying and sourcing deals for new and emerging markets, Bhanu develops solutions and promotes client companies in the hospitality, aviation, health care, agriculture and utilities sectors.  In 2016, Bhanu expanded his education by completing Harvard Business School's Owner and President Management program. Those skills helped him become the director of Megalith Financial Acquisition Corp. He accepted the position in 2018 after the company's IPO.  Bhanu serves on the board of directors for both Customer's Bank and Atlantic Coast Bank. He is also the director of a charitable organization called Path to Success. The organization was founded by Bhanu's mother, and it exists to help disadvantaged people and especially women access quality education and disability accommodations. It is especially known for its role in helping women with disabilities reach their sports-related goals.  At the 2008 Asian Voice Political and Public Life Awards event in the UK, Bhanu Choudhrie received the award of Entrepreneur of the Year. Two years later, he was recognized again for his outstanding achievements at the Public Life Awards. Bhanu's passions are helping businesses in new markets, helping people reach their professional goals and spending time with his family."
"Oliver Samwer was born in Cologne, Germany, in 1972. Oliver holds M.Sc. degree in Business Administration from WHU – Otto Beisheim School of Management.  Upon graduation, Oliver and his two brothers founded Alando.de in 1999.  After the sale of Alando.de to eBay Inc., he was Managing Director of eBay, responsible for Germany, Switzerland and Austria.  In 2000, Oliver and his two brothers founded Jamba! AG, which was acquired by Verisign Inc. in 2004.  In 2007, Oliver founded Rocket Internet. Since 2014, Oliver has served as Rocket’s Chief Executive Officer. Oliver is responsible for strategy development and implementation, business development and investor relations."
"David Plouffe is widely referred to as the “architect” of President Obama’s two presidential campaign victories. After serving as the campaign manager in the 2008 presidential election, he served inside the White House as Senior Advisor to the President. Plouffe currently serves on the Board of the Barack Obama Foundation and is a member of the Uber Board of Directors. Plouffe has managed campaigns at all levels of politics, served as an award-winning producer of television advertisements, served as a consultant to leading Fortune 500 companies and has been a ubiquitous presence on national news shows. In September 2014, Plouffe joined Uber and in addition to his board duties serves as the Chief Advisor for Uber and CEO, Travis Kalanick. Plouffe has won plaudits for the use of technology and pioneering new applications, his message development and discipline, his management skills and his focus and competitiveness. The Obama-Biden presidential campaign and Plouffe were awarded the Titanium and Integrated Grand Prix Awards from the Cannes International Advertising Festival (2009). The campaign won for the effort’s digital savvy, its success in community building and its willingness to allow the Obama brand to be created by consumers rather than top-down communications mandates. In 2010, Plouffe was number 4 on Newsweek’s list of “New Thought Leaders,” and The Daily Beast named him as one of the “25 Smartest People of the Decade.” GQ named Plouffe in 2012 the third most powerful person in Washington. Plouffe is the author of The New York Times best seller, The Audacity to Win: The Inside Story and Lessons of Barack Obama’s Historic Victory and has been a Contributor for ABC News and Bloomberg Television. In 2013 he was inducted into The American Association of Political Consultants’ Hall of Fame."
"Fernando Machado is the Global Chief Marketing Officer at Burger King. Fernando is known for pushing the creative boundaries to drive business growth. At BK, Fernando focus on infusing the brand with purpose, modernising the design, and inspiring the organisation around brand development. Under his leadership, BK became Client of the Year at the D&AD in 2016 and Creative Marketer of the Year in Cannes 2017. Fernando led campaigns such as “Proud Whopper”, “McWhopper”, “Google Home of the Whopper”, “Burning Stores”, “Bullying Jr” and “Whopper Neutrality”. Prior to joining BK, Fernando worked for 18 years at Unilever, managing different brands, including Dove where he led the groundbreaking ""Beauty Sketches"". Fernando was recognised by Adweek as Grand Brand Genius, by the AD Club of NY as Marketer of the Year, by Business Insider as top 5 most innovative CMOs and by AdAge as top 50 most creative people in the business. "
"Ajit Pai is the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission. Mr. Pai was designated chairman by President Donald J. Trump in January 2017. He had previously served as commissioner at the FCC, appointed by then-President Barack Obama and confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate in May 2012. He graduated with honors from Harvard University in 1994 and from the University of Chicago Law School in 1997, where he was an editor of the University of Chicago Law Review and won the Thomas R. Mulroy Prize. In 2010, he was one of 55 individuals nationwide chosen for the 2011 Marshall Memorial Fellowship, a leadership development initiative of the German Marshall Fund of the United States."
"Markus Braun serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer of Wirecard AG (formerly, Infogenie Europe Ag) and has been its Member of Management Board since January 2002. Markus Braun served as the Managing Director and Chief Internal Officer at Wire Card AG. He is a Commercial Computer Scientist. He has been a Director of Wire Card AG since January 1, 2006. He served as a Director of SureFire Commerce Inc. (now Optimal Payments Inc.) since August 2003. Markus Braun served as a Member of Supervisory Board at 10tacle Studios AG."
"Richard A. Galanti has been a director of the Company since January 1995, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since October 1993. He was Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company from January 1985 to October 1993, having joined as Vice President-Finance in March 1984.  From 1978 to February 1984, Mr. Galanti was an Associate with Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation."
"William Brown, 52, is our Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. William Brown joined Harris in November 2011 as President and Chief Executive Officer and was appointed Chairman in April 2014.  Prior to joining Harris, William Brown was Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Development, of United Technologies Corporation (""UTC""). Earlier, he served five years as President of UTC's Fire & Security Division.  In all, William Brown spent 14 years with UTC, holding U.S. and international roles at various divisions, including Carrier Corporation's Asia Pacific Operations and the Carrier Transicold division. Before joining UTC in 1997, he worked for McKinsey & Company as a senior engagement manager. He began his career as a project engineer at Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. William Brown has been a member of our Board since December 2011. William Brown serves on the board of directors of the Fire Department of NYC Foundation and the board of trustees of both the Florida Institute of Technology and Florida Polytechnic University. He is a member of the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee and is an appointee of the United States-Brazil CEO Forum."
"Dave Anderson is an angel investor specializing in operations technology software companies. Dr. Anderson is Managing Director of Supply Chain Ventures, LLC, a venture capital fund specializing in software investing, a member of the Boston Golden Seeds Forum and is a retired managing partner of supply chain consulting at Accenture, a leading global technology consulting company. He currently is a member of the Board of Directors of Descartes Systems Group, Waterloo, Ontario, Steelwedge Software in Pleasanton, CA, Aiko Biotechnology, Portland, Maine, and Chairman of Control Group, a New York City-based technology consulting and outsourcing company At Accenture, he was instrumental in building the company’s $2 billion supply chain management practice in North America, Asia and Europe. Over the past thirty years, he has helped numerous global corporations transform their supply chains into world-class organizations.  Before joining Accenture, he was vice president in charge of logistics consulting at Temple, Barker & Sloane, Inc. (now part of Oliver Wyman, a global consulting company in Marsh), a founder of Operations Technology, Inc. (now part of Supply Chain Consulting) and a vice president of Data Resources, Inc. (now part of IHS/Global Insights, Inc), where he founded the Firm’s transportation and logistics consulting practice.  Dr. Anderson is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport in the United Kingdom and a Member of the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals in the United States.  Dr. Anderson has previously been on the Board of Advisors of Logispring Management Company s.a.r.l., Geneva Switzerland, a $200 million European venture fund specializing in supply chain investments and TrueDemand Software, Inc, a company using real time data to enhance supply chain management and AvenueRight in Fargo, North Dakota. Dr. Anderson received his Doctor of Philosophy Degree in Econometrics and Finance from Boston College and his Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics from the University of Connecticut. Specialties:venture capital investing in seed stage marketing and supply chain software startups"
"A programmer for more than 15 years, Michael was most recently the Senior Web Developer in the Medical Informatics Department at Johns Hopkins Hospital, implementing security protocols to meet HIPAA requirements.  Originally from Baltimore, Michael is a graduate of F&M University and a semi-pro road cyclist (challenge him to an eating contest and you'll lose). He is an unabashed cat lover."
"Katie Shea is an investor, entrepreneur & growth marketer passionate about connecting great people and building great companies. Currently, she is a Partner at Kairos, an early-stage venture fund investing in mission-driven founders. Previously she started & ran a growth consultancy working with Pre-seed to Series B tech companies as an interim CMO. Her expertise lies in go-to-market planning (strategy, budget allocation & launch execution), revenue growth via performance marketing channels (Facebook, AdWords, email marketing, direct mail, OOH, radio), sales, partnerships & hiring. Prior to this, Katie ran marketing, PR & communications at OrderGroove - an enterprise marketing platform used by retailers including Walmart, CVS & L'Oreal - through their Series A & B fundraises. She joined as the ninth employee & was the first full-time marketing hire. Katie started her career by co-founding a manufacturing company from her NYU dorm room that was acquired in 2012. The company's best-selling brands were sold at Neiman Marcus, Macy’s, Bed Bath & Beyond, The Shopping Channel & thousands of global retail locations. Katie has been featured on CNN, New York Daily News, BusinessWeek, Fox, Forbes, Cosmopolitan, Entrepreneur & more. She's an active angel investor in NYC and a well-known ecosystem builder who regularly brings together founders, angels & VCs."
"Kavin Bharti Mittal is an Indian entrepreneur and app developer. He is now founder and CEO of the wildly popular Hike Messenger. Undergraduated in University of York Undergraduate, Electronics and Electrical Engineering 2005 – 2006 • Awarded First Place in 1st Year Engineering Group Project Competition.  Mastered in Imperial College London, MEng, Electronics and Electrical Engineering with Management 2006 – 2009"
"Nykaa.com is the entrepreneurial dream of Falguni Nayar, the former managing Director Of Kotak Mahindra Capital Company, India’s leading investment bank. Falguni has received many accolades through her career including the FICCI Ladies Organization (FLO) award for the top woman achiever in the field of banking and the Business Today award recognizing her as one of the top 25 women in business. She was a Founding Member of the Asia Society in India. She is on several boards, including the Aviva Insurance Board, Dabur India and also serves as an Independent Member on the Tata Motors Board. In addition to being a successful career woman and homemaker, Falguni is a source of inspiration to every member of her young and ever growing team. Her attention to detail, involvement in every aspect of the firm and passion for the business are qualities that make her a great leader. A mantra she lives by is “retail is all about detail” and is often heard propagating the same. Assisting Falguni is a driven team of enthusiastic professionals drawn from myriad fields, all united in their common goal of changing the face of beauty in India. Through exclusive launches, product innovation, sharp communication and appealing design elements, the Nykaa Team aspires to reach new echelons in terms of their vision. The team has grown exponentially, with four offices (at last count). At the heart of Nykaa’s growth are its people, young men and women committed to bringing the magic and delight of beauty to your doorstep."
"William Gaybrick is the chief financial officer of [Stripe](https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/stripe), a set of unified APIs and tools that instantly enable businesses to accept and manage online payments. He also co-founded Maple Food Co and is a board member at Segment.com.  Prior to that, he served as a software engineer at several companies such as Milewise, Jumo, and Hunch Inc. He was also a general partner at Thrive Capital. Gaybrick obtained a bachelor’s degree in mathematics from [Harvard University](https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/harvard-university) and a JD from Yale Law School."
"Brock Pierce is an entrepreneur and venture capitalist with an extensive track record of founding, advising and investing in disruptive businesses. He's been credited with pioneering the market for digital currency and has raised more than $5B for companies he has founded. Pierce is the Chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation and co-founder of EOS Alliance, Block.one, Blockchain Capital, Tether, and Mastercoin (first ICO). Block.one was created in 2017 and has sold over $4B tokens in the EOS crowdsale making it the largest ever. Blockchain Capital was founded in 2013 and is the first sector-focused venture fund that invests solely in Blockchain technology companies. Pierce led the firm through the first ICO of a venture fund, which created the first security token. Blockchain Capital has made more than 100 investments in the sector across its four funds. The firm was named the most active FinTech Venture Fund by Pitchbook. Tether is the first stable coin and asset-backed token. Pierce is an early investor in Bitcoin and one of the largest investors in the Ethereum crowdsale. He is the founder of IMI Exchange, the world’s leading digital currency marketplace for games, with annual sales exceeding $1B and investors such as Goldman Sachs, which was sold in 2016 for more than $100M. Pierce founded ZAM, one of the world’s largest media properties for gamers, which was acquired by Tencent in 2012. He founded IGE, the pioneer of digital currency in online games, achieving revenues exceeding $100 million in 2006 and sold in 2007. Pierce is also a co-founder of D10e, GoCoin, Blade Payments, Five Delta (sold NASDAQ: SRAX), Xfire 2.0, Playsino, Evertune, GamesTV, and D.E.N. He also advises for companies like Airswap, Bancor, BitGo, BitGuild, BlockV, Bloq, DNA, Element Group, Metronome, Shyft, tZERO, and ODX. Personal experience has led Pierce to become an advocate for due process and rule of law, with a focus on an efficient, fair, and coherent judicial system as the cornerstone to liberal democracy. His philanthropy in this area focuses on the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, the Center for Individual Rights, and the Brennan Center for Human Rights. Pierce is a frequent lecturer at Singularity University and has spoken at the Milken Global Conference, Mobile World Congress, Wired, INK, Stanford University, USC, and UCLA. He has been featured in numerous publications including The New York Times, Forbes, Fortune, Wired, and Rolling Stone."
"Jonah Peretti is founder and CEO of BuzzFeed, the first true social news organization that provides a pioneering mix of breaking news, entertainment and shareable content. Mr. Peretti, known for creating viral hits, tracking online social behavior and building technology to amplify buzz is also a co-founder of The Huffington Post. He has been called a ""viral marketing hotdog"" by the New York Times, ""the poster boy of guerilla media"" by AlterNet and a ""computer-whiz"" by The New Yorker.  Fast Company named Mr. Peretti one of the “New Faces of Social Media” and named BuzzFeed as one of the “50 Most Innovative Companies” in 2012. Business Insider listed him as one of the “11 Rising Tech Stars to Watch in 2012.” Mr. Peretti is a graduate of the MIT Media Lab and has taught at NYU and the Parsons School of Design. His work has been covered by Time, the Economist, Fortune, and Business Insider and he has appeared as a guest on the Today Show, Good Morning America and CNN.  In 2012, Mr. Peretti hired Ben Smith of POLITICO to lead as Editor-in-Chief. BuzzFeed reaches over 40 million monthly unique visitors and gets the majority of its traffic from social sources like Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr and more."
"Max Polyakov is an international space technology and IT entrepreneur, economist and community leader. He is also the managing partner of Noosphere Ventures Investment Fund, and the founder of Firefly Aerospace, EOS DA, SETS, Renatus, Maxpay, and others, which are part of the Noosphere Global project group. Polyakov is a follower of the noosphere theory of Academician Volodymyr Vernadsky, according to which the human mind and knowledge are considered the main driving force of development and the most valuable resources of humanity for the preservation of the planet. Polyakov’s motto: ""Questions on Earth, answers in space."" He has two degrees and a Ph.D. in Economics. He is the author of more than 20 scientific articles and monographs on the topics of the knowledge economy. Together with Professor Khanin, Max Polyakov is a co-author of scientific and philosophical works on semiotics, noospherology, and innovation in economics. Polyakov has several patents, including a patent for a unified identification system. He founded a public organization, the Noosphere Association, that organizes educational activities for young people on space, innovation, and robotics. In partnership with the World Air Sports Federation, the Association has been organizing events in the field of rocket modeling sports, including the Vernadsky Challenge and the BestRoboFest. In 2014, Polyakov established Noosphere Engineering School – research laboratories at 7 leading universities in Ukraine."
"Joichi Ito was elected to the Board of Directors of The New York Times Company in 2012.Mr. Ito has been director of the Media Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology since 2011. He is the founder and current chief executive officer of Neoteny Co., Ltd., a venture capital firm, and general manager of Neoteny Labs, an early-stage investment fund focusing on Asia and the Middle East.  In Japan, he was a co-founder of Digital Garage, Inc., an information technology company, and helped establish, and later became chief executive officer of, the country’s first commercial Internet service provider. He is also formerly the board chairman and chief executive officer of Creative Commons, a nonprofit devoted to facilitating the ability of copyright owners to make their creative works freely available for others to use and share. Mr. Ito also serves on the boards of directors of Sony Corporation, Tucows Inc. and Digital Garage, Inc.Committee Memberships: Audit and Technology & Innovation."
"Klaus Hommels is Founder of Lakestar. Lakestar invests in European as well as U.S. companies that show fast international growth. Klaus has been involved in the early days of investments such as Skype, Xing, King, Facebook, Spotify and Airbnb. More recent investments include online men's grooming business Harry's, GoEuro, Opendoor and FiveAI.  Klaus started his career at Bertelsmann, before joining AOL Germany in 1995 as a Board Member. He was also a venture partner of Benchmark Capital Europe. He earned his MBA and PhD in finance from the University of Fribourg in Switzerland.  He was ranked as one of the top Europe-based venture capital investors in the global Midas List 2013, 2014 and 2015 and just became third best European investor in the first European list of the same ranking.  Lakestar is the leading European VC with a true global presence with offices in Zurich, Berlin and London as well as satellites in New York and Hong Kong. Klaus has a strong voice in the European Tech Ecosystems which he supports passionately with various initiatives, eg. the 'Internet Foundation'. Klaus started his career at Bertelsmann, before joining AOL Germany in 1995 as a Board Member. He was also a venture partner of Benchmark Capital Europe. He earned his MBA and PhD in finance from the University of Fribourg in Switzerland.  He was ranked as one of the top Europe-based venture capital investors in the global Midas List 2013, 2014 and 2015 and just became third best European investor in the first European list of the same ranking.  Lakestar is the leading European VC with a true global presence with offices in Zurich, Berlin and London as well as satellites in New York and Hong Kong. Klaus has a strong voice in the European Tech Ecosystems which he supports passionately with various initiatives, eg. the 'Internet Foundation'."
"Alex Chesterman is the founder and CEO of Cazoo. He was the Founder & CEO of ZPG Plc, a FTSE-250 listed company.  Previously Alex co-founded Lovefilm, Europe's leading digital movie rental business, which was successfully sold to Amazon. Alex is also one of the UK's most active tech angel investors having backed dozens of early stage digital startups and was awarded an OBE for services to services to digital entrepreneurship in 2016."
"Roger is currently involved in numerous Bitcoin related projects. He is an early investor in bitcoin-related startups. He has been a prominent supporter of bitcoin adoption and saw bitcoin as a means to promote economic freedom. He now promotes Bitcoin Cash, a hard fork of the cryptocurrency created with the intent to fix issues such as high fees and long transaction confirmation times."
"Marc Raibert is founder and CEO of Boston Dynamics, a company that creates some of the world’s most advanced dynamic robots, such as BigDog, Atlas, Spot and Handle.  These robots are inspired by the remarkable ability of animals to move with agility, dexterity, perception and intelligence.  A key ingredient of these robots is their dynamic behavior, which contributes to their effectivenes​s and versatility ​in the real world.   Before starting Boston Dynamics, Raibert was Professor of Computer Science and Robotics at MIT ​and Carnegie Mellon.  While at CMU and MIT Raibert founded the Leg Laboratory, a lab that helped establish the scientific basis for highly dynamic robots and that set the stage for the work done at Boston Dynamics.   Raibert is a member of the National Academy of Engineering."
"I'm a creative deal maker, corporate / strategic development executive and institutional investor with 20 years experience developing transactional ecosystems across multiple industries and geographies including China.  I spent much of the past 20 years in the Bay Area and LA, helping guide startups and emerging growth companies as a very hands-on investor, board member or board observer and corporate development executive. Companies I've worked with have been focused in the following sectors: digital media (particularly AR/VR), digital health & wellness, IoT (particularly those enabling better health & wellness), ad technology, eCommerce and technology enabled consumer/business services. Having served as a venture capitalist, a corporate and business development executive, a founder and a licensing executive and lawyer, I've developed expertise and judgment deploying related skills that span numerous functional areas including: Company co-creation; Incubation and investing; Fundraising & finance; Decision strategies for sustainable team building and growth; Corporate development & strategic partnerships; Mergers & Acquisitions; Law and Corporate governance.  Past representative board activity and investments include Clearstone portfolio companies The Rubicon Project (NYSE: RUBI), Apture (Google), Spock Networks (Intelius), User Testing (Accel Investment), co-creation studios The Hive & The Fabric and non-Clearstone companies RevCascade, CrowdCow, This Life (Shutterfly), Julep (Maveron, Andreessen Horowitz investment), Crowd Cow, RevCascade, Super League Gaming and Arcturus Studios. I attended Cornell University (BA) and The University of San Diego School of Law (JD). "
"Anand Sharma builds internet companies and manages the web platform known as Aprilzero, a platform that tracks where he goes and what he does. Most of his web site’s data comes from various apps on his phone. He has previously worked as a design director at Quizlet and Theory11. Anand Sharma is also the founder of VDIO and Charm Analytics. He lives in San Francisco and enjoys running, flying, and beaches."
"Chris, a serial entrepreneur and 10-year veteran of the video advertising space, is the Chairman & CEO of Digital Broadcasting Group (DBG), one of the top online video distribution networks that also specializes in the production and distribution of original branded video content across the Web and other emerging platforms. As CEO, Chris oversees the strategic direction and management of DBG’s core business divisions. Under Chris’ leadership, The DBG Video Network has emerged as a comScore-rated top 10 video ad network with 83 million uniques accumulated across 2,600 web properties. Since 2007, DBG has been on the forefront of enabling big-name brands like Ford, Diet Coke, HP, Sprint, Wal-Mart Unilever and Kimberly-Clark among others to advance their brands through branded entertainment and custom video programming. Prior to starting DBG in 2007, Chris Young co-founded online video advertising and management solutions company Klipmart in 1999 and grew it into the nation’s largest video rich media vendor taking advertiser’s TV commercials and putting them online. In 2006, under Chris’ leadership, Klipmart was subsequently sold to now Google-owned DoubleClick. Chris assumed the role of Executive Vice President of Rich Media at DoubleClick, where he worked to accelerate innovation in digital video and emerging advertising formats. Chris began his career as an investment banker at Citibank before founding his first company."
"Zishaan Hayath is the Co-founder of Toppr.com. He is the Angel Investor of Startups in India. Prior to this, he worked as VP Product at Futurebazaar.com. He was the Co-founder and VP Product of Chaupaati Bazaar. He served as Associate Consultant at Opera Solutions. He also served as Assistant Manager at ITC Limited."
"A member of Global Research since 2001, Ms. Subramanian is responsible for recommending U.S. sector allocations for equities and determining forecasts for the S&P 500 and other major U.S. indices.  She also develops quantitative equity strategy for institutional and individual clients. Ms. Subramanian is quoted frequently in print and broadcast news reports, speaks regularly at financial conferences and is a member of many leading professional societies.  She received an MBA from Columbia University."
"Brendan is a Co-Founder & Managing Partner at Fifth Wall, the largest & most active venture capital fund investing in Built World technology (real estate, hospitality/travel, construction, infrastructure & Smart City technology).  Brendan was previously Co-founder & CEO of Identified, a data & analytics company focused on workforce optimization that raised $35M of venture capital and was acquired by Workday (WDAY) in 2014. Brendan was also involved in the founding of Cabify and was its first investor alongside Adeyemi Ajao.  Brendan has personally invested in over 75 companies, including early investments in DollarShaveClub, SpaceX, Coinbase, Bonobos, Zenefits, Cabify, Philz Coffee, OpenDoor, Clutter and many more.Brendan began his career at Goldman Sachs in investment banking and The Blackstone Group in real estate private equity.  Brendan received an MBA from Stanford University & graduated Summa Cum Laude from Princeton University. Brendan was born in New York City, Brendan is 33 years old and an avid skier, kiteboarder, triathlete & mountaineer. Brendan is a blue belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu."
"Prior to founding Landmark, Adam was the founder and CEO of aLabs. aLabs was incorporated in March of 2011 and is currently the largest provider of comprehensive laboratory management services to health systems. The company manages over 3,000 employees across 25 laboratories. aLabs has established anchor partner relationships with Sharp HealthCare in San Diego, Advocate HealthCare in Illinois and Aurora HealthCare in Wisconsin. Prior to taking his role at aLabs, Adam was a principal at Accretive, LLC, where he was responsible for healthcare investments. Previously, Adam served as Executive Vice President and General Manager at MedeFinance, a leading provider of healthcare analytics, where he was responsible for all hospital sales, marketing and product development. Before MedeFinance, Adam was an associate at Battery Ventures, a leading technology venture capital firm with $2 billion under management."
"Emily Weiss is the founder and CEO of Glossier, a direct-to-consumer beauty company that leverages content and community to power a superior shopping experience. Emily is heavily involved in product development, creative and brand marketing, ensuring that all products and content are created with the signature Glossier voice. Founded in 2014, Glossier has 150 employees and over $86M in venture capital funding. The company has won Women Wear Daily Beauty Inc.'s 2015 Digital Innovator of the Year award and is one of Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies of 2017. Emily has been included in Forbes’ 30 Under 30, Fast Company’s Most Creative People in Business 2015 and AdWeek Top 20 Content Creators 2016. Emily lives in New York City."
Rahm Emanuel is a Mayor at City of Chicago.
"David Tisch is the Managing Partner of BoxGroup, a New York City-based early stage investment fund. BoxGroup is an investor in over 200 seed-stage companies, including Vine, Blue Apron, Sunrise, Warby Parker, Harry’s, Oscar, Behance, Handy and more. David is also the co-founder and Chairman of Spring, a mobile marketplace where customers shop directly within the app from a curated community of brands. Spring was named by Apple as one of the Best Apps of 2014. In 2014, David was named Head of Startup Studio at Cornell Tech, the University’s New York City-based graduate campus focused on digital technologies and the information economy. He is also Entrepreneur in Residence for Wharton’s Entrepreneurship Program. David is the co-founder of TechStars NYC and has served on numerous boards, including Mayor Bloomberg’s Advisory Council on Technology, the Investor Board of Venture for America, and the Entrepreneurship board at NYU. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and New York University School of Law, and currently lives in New York City"
"Dr. Parsey joined 3-V Biosciences as its President and Chief Executive Officer in September 2010. Prior to joining 3-V, Dr. Parsey held positions of increasing responsibility at Genentech, Inc., a member of the Roche Group, most recently as Senior Group Medical Director in Genentech Research and Early Development, overseeing early clinical development in multiple therapeutic areas.  Prior to his tenure with Genentech, Dr. Parsey was with Sepracor, Regeneron and Merck, Inc.   Dr. Parsey was the Director of Critical Care Medicine at the NYU School of Medicine.  He completed his MD and PhD at the University of Maryland, his residency in Internal Medicine at Stanford University and his fellowship in Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine at the University of Colorado."
"Brian began his entrepreneurial career with a start-up venture that involved a wireless technology and social networking service. He went on to advise a number of companies in the online education and media space, and later co-founded and served as a managing partner of Harbor Pacific Capital. He eventually established InnovationHub, which helped his family business, LS Group, to manage relationships and find investment opportunities in the clean energy and technology sectors, specifically in the areas of smart grids, electric vehicles and next generation wireless technologies. Brian graduated with honors in economics from Stanford University, and received his MBA from Stanford’s Graduate School of Business."
"Naveen is the founder of InMobi. His philosophy of constant innovation and disruption is embedded deep into the DNA of InMobians and is resonated across InMobi. His dream is to re-imagine advertising in a truly ‘user-first’ way and unlock the true potential of the mobile ecosystem. He has a Bachelor’s degree from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (IIT) and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Harvard Business School, where he was also bestowed with the Dean’s Award, for his exceptional leadership and contribution. In 2013, his alma mater, Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur also honored him with the esteemed ‘Distinguished Alumnus Award’ for his excellence in entrepreneurship. Naveen is involved in the fueling of around 30 start-ups as yet in India and has personally invested and supported several start-ups like NestAway, SlideRule, Mettl, Moneysights, Bombay Canteen, Zimmber, Razorpay etc. A believer that start-ups will be the pillars of growing India, he co-founded iSPIRT, which is a change agent with the brain of a think tank and aims to address government policy, create market catalysts, and grow the maturity of product entrepreneurs in order to transform India into a hub for new generation software products. He also founded and chairs a U.S.-based nonprofit called India School Fund which funds and sets up schools in rural India, a cause he cares deeply for. Naveen is a board member at Paytm and has been recognized for his entrepreneurial skills at various platforms. He received several awards and recognitions over the last several years: >‘Future Leaders Award’ presented by Narendra Modi, Indian Prime Minister, 2015 >Fortune’s ‘40 under 40’ most powerful, influential and important people in business, 2015 >The ‘Pathbreaker of the Year’ Award, 2014 >Forbes India Leadership Award for ‘Outstanding Start Up', 2014 >‘100 Most Creative People’, 2014 across the world >The ‘Pathbreaker of the Year’ Award, 2013 presented by Narendra Modi, Indian Prime Minister >‘7th Most Important Person’ by Business Insider’s the Mobile Power List, 2013 >‘Mobile Top 50’ in The Drum, 2013 >‘2nd Most Important Person’ by Business Insider’s the Mobile Power List, 2012 An avid fan of cricket, Naveen is a fitness enthusiast and his early morning routine alternates between a long run outdoors and a cycling trip around the less crowded parts of the city. Source (http://www.inmobi.com/organization/leadership/naveen-tewari#profile)"
"Hari Menon is the CEO of Symphony Industrial AI and BigBasket. Previously, Hari served as the CEO for various companies including Timeli, Serus Corporation, and Tumri. He holds an MBA degree from Carnegie Mellon University."

"Chijioke Dozie is a co-Founder and CEO of OneFi, a digital financial lender and Paylater.  He was previously an Investment Analyst at the International Finance Corporation (IFC) responsible for sourcing investment opportunities in Sub-Saharan Africa. Prior to IFC, Chijioke worked with Zephyr Management LP in the US and South Africa as an Investment Associate sourcing private equity opportunities in Africa and working closely with Zephyr's portfolio companies. Chijioke holds an MBA from the Harvard Business School and an MSc in Risk Management from the University of Reading. He also graduated with a BA Economics from University of East Anglia"
Michael Burry is a hedge fund manager and private investor.
"Michael is the CEO and founder of Katerra. He is a founding partner of Riverwood Capital, a Menlo Park-based private equity firm. Prior to establishing Riverwood, he was a partner and senior advisor at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. in 2006 and 2007. Prior to KKR, Michael spent 13 years as CEO and then chairman of Flextronics International Ltd., building it into one of the largest technology companies in the world. He is a director of The Melt, Enjoy, H20.ai, and Berkeley Lights."
"David Bowie was appointed Managing Director of SAS Australia and New Zealand in April 2012. David brings a hands-on leadership approach and is passionate about fostering a customer-driven culture throughout his expanding team. Joining the company in 2002, David has a 10 year record of SAS experience and achievement, previously as the Marketing and Services Director.  In his time at SAS, David has played a key role in driving the company’s strategic shift from a product-based model to one that is sector and solution-centric. He has also been instrumental in growing the awareness and understanding of SAS across Australia and New Zealand.  As Marketing Director, David was instrumental at anticipating the ‘future’. He inspired people around him with a clear vision of future market opportunities and of what SAS could be doing to deliver to how customers’ needs may evolve over time. On his leadership appointment, David announced a significant investment in strategic programs designed to sharpen the company’s focus on the customer. These initiatives provide customers with increased intelligence about emerging market needs and advice to ensure they gain the maximum advantage from their investment in SAS solutions. The transition to Bowie’s leadership coincides with the challenge of exponentially growing volumes of data from ever increasing sources. However, the industry focus has shifted beyond the hype of Big Data, with organisations now recognising that it’s about big analytics enabling real-time insights. With David’s focus on an integrated customer approach and harnessing the current market potential, his leadership is well positioned to take SAS forward in the region and drive profitable-growth by enabling the organisation to excel at delivering superior customer value. Prior to joining SAS, David held senior executive positions with Dimension Data, IBM and PricewaterhouseCoopers. He has a Bachelor of Economics from Macquarie University and is a qualified Chartered Accountant."
"Nicolás Maduro is the 63rd president of Venezuela who won in a special election in 2013 after the death of then President Hugo Chávez. Prior to his presidency, Nicolas served as the country's vice president and as minister of foreign affairs."
Jerry Brown is Partner at Brown Venture Associates.
"Thomas Cook is Vice President of Operations and Co-founder of Politics4all. He has worked in the Internet field for over 14 years helping small businesses to Fortune 500 companies develop and grow their internet strategies. He is the Founder of Virticle Corp, a Web Design and Development agency, where he manages and evolves an array of mission critical Web applications and content management systems, helps new businesses conceptualize and develop strategies to make the transition to the Web and also helps more established companies define their Web presence. He has also been a part of cultivating new business, enhancing an existing client bases, and forming strategic relationships. Thomas has an innovative mindset with an intuitive business sense and a unique talent as a creative problem solver and big picture thinker."
"Steve Miller is the chief financial officer of [Warby Parker](https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/warby-parker#/entity), a transformative lifestyle brand that offers designer eyewear. Prior to that, he was the senior vice president for corporate development and chief financial officer of Majestic Research. Miller served as the vice president of business development at Gamelogic before he joined Majestic Research. Miller holds a bachelor’s degree in political science from Columbia University. He resides in New York, United States."
"Scott Farquhar is the Co-Founder and Co-CEO of Atlassian, a collaboration software company that helps teams organise, discuss and complete shared work. More than 150,000 large and small organisations, NFPs, and government agencies across the world, including companies like ANZ bank, Spotify, Twilio, Mercy Ships and Visa use Atlassian’s collaboration products to help their teams work better together. In 2015, Scott helped spearhead Pledge 1%, a corporate philanthropy movement dedicated to making the community a key stakeholder in every business. Atlassian, and almost 4,000 companies around the world have joined the movement. Scott was the youngest person ever to be awarded the ‘Australian Entrepreneur of the Year’ in 2006 by Ernst & Young alongside Co-Founder and Co-CEO Mike Cannon-Brookes. In 2016 both Scott and Mike Cannon-Brookes were awarded Australian Financial Review's 'Australian Business Person of the Year' and in 2017 Forbes named them on their ‘Global Game Changers’ list. Outside of Atlassian, Scott co-founded a private investment fund, Skip Capital, which focuses on fast-growing technology companies, with a particular interest in the intersection of big data and health. Scott holds a BSc (Business Information Technology) from the University of New South Wales, Australia."
"Julie Wainwright is transforming the luxury resale marketplace and buying habits of luxury shoppers through The RealReal, the premier online luxury consignment site. Julie was an e-commerce pioneer as CEO of Reel.com in 1997 and Pets.com in 1999. In 2014 she was named one of Tech Crunches ""40 Over 40"" Silicon Valley entrepreneurs, and was recognized by The San Francisco Business Times as one of the most admired CEOs of the year. In 2013 she was recognized as a top female entrepreneur by the San Francisco Business Times and received the FashInvest Innovation Award."
"Jim is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer at Breyer Capital since July 2006. Co-Chairman at IDG Capital, Jim is Founder and CEO of Breyer Capital, a global venture capital firm based in Menlo Park, CA.He was an early investor in the U.S. in more than 40 consumer Internet/technology companies that have completed successful IPO's and mergers. Several have returned to investors over 100 times their cost, and over a dozen have returned over 25 times cost. Jim also serves as Chairman of The Advisory Board of Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management, and is a Fellow of Harvard College, Harvard University's senior governing Board. He is currently on the board of directors at Blackstone and 21st Century Fox. Jim was on Facebook's board from 2005 to 2013 after leading the company's Series A funding round. He served on Etsy's board from 2008 to 2016, and was the largest outside shareholder in Facebook and Etsy when the companies had their public offerings."
"David Stern completed his three-decade tenure as NBA commissioner on February 1, 2014. As commissioner, Mr. Stern built the model for professional sports in league operations, public service, global marketing and digital technology. He oversaw the NBA’s extraordinary growth with seven new franchises, a more than 30-fold increase in revenues, a dramatic expansion of national television exposure and the launch of two leagues, the Women’s National Basketball Association and the NBA Development League. He implemented the first anti-drug agreement in professional sports and introduced the salary cap system and revenue sharing to the NBA. The NBA experienced tremendous global growth during Mr. Stern’s tenure, and that growth continues today: The NBA has 12 offices outside the United States; its games and programming are televised and streamed in 215 countries and territories in 47 languages; and it offers fans 19 international online destinations. The NBA was the first U.S. professional sports league to stage regular-season games outside North America, and the league has played more than 150 international preseason and regular-season games to date."
"Patrick Peterson is Agari’s visionary Founder and CEO, who has spent more than 15 years securing the email ecosystem. Peterson founded Agari in 2009, when he saw a real need in the industry for a solution that would secure the email channel. Under his leadership as Chief Executive Officer, he has developed the company’s industry-changing security platform that now protects many of the world’s largest enterprises from email threats. Prior to Agari, Peterson joined IronPort Systems and invented IronPort’s SenderBase, the industry’s first reputation service."
"Neil Hunt has been at Netflix since 1999 and serves as Chief Product Officer, leading the product team, which designs, builds and optimizes the Netflix experience. Prior to Netflix, Neil worked from 1991 in various engineering and product roles at the software test tool companies Pure Software and its successors, Pure Atria and Rational Software. Before that, Neil was engaged in research in computer vision and image processing at the University of Aberdeen, Schlumberger Palo Alto Research Labs and Teleos Research. Neil has been a non-executive member of Logitech's board of directors since September 2010. He holds a Doctorate in Computer Science from the University of Aberdeen, U.K. and a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Durham, U.K."
"Andrew joined VICE in 2001, founding its first UK operation and leading its expansion in 17 global markets. In 2010, he moved from London to VICE's Brooklyn headquarters to head up the company globally. As President, Andrew is responsible for the international growth of the business, including expanding VICE’s multi-platform operation to 40 offices worldwide. He oversees the development of the youth brand's new linear TV ventures and the creation of a range of digital channels set to launch this later this year."
"John Krafcik served as their President from April 2014 until September 2015.   Krafcik has served as a member of our Board of Directors since February 2014. Since September 2015, Krafcik has been the Chief Executive Officer of Google, Inc.’s Self Driving Car Project. Krafcik was with Hyundai Motor America, a South Korean multinational automaker, from March 2004 to December 2013, during which time he served as President and Chief Executive Officer from November 2008 to December 2013.  Krafcik was responsible for the strategic direction and management of Hyundai Motor America’s operations in the United States.  Prior to joining Hyundai Motor America, Krafcik was at Ford Motor Company, where he held various product development leadership positions.  Krafcik holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Stanford University and an M.S. in Management from Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology."
"Parker Conrad is co-founder and CEO of Zenefits, a free human resources platform that automates and eliminates all HR and benefits-related tasks for small and medium-sized businesses, allowing companies to focus on people, not paperwork. Parker has expanded Zenefits' reach to more than 10,000 companies across 48 states, serving over 100,000 employees, and disrupting the $18 billion health insurance brokerage industry along the way. Ranked #1 on Forbes’ “Hottest Start-Ups of 2014” list, the New York Times calls Zenefits “one of the fastest-growing companies in recent Silicon Valley history."" Prior to Zenefits, Parker co-founded online stock research tools SigFig and Wikinvest. Parker graduated with a BA in Chemistry from Harvard University, where he was managing editor of the Crimson."
"Jonathan Swanson is Co-Founder of Thumbtack, Inc. and serves as its President. Jonathan Swanson served as Director of Operations at Thumbtack, Inc. Jonathan Swanson served as a Policy Analyst at the White House for two years. He studied Ethics, Politics, and Economics at Yale University."

"Marc Lasry is Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder of Avenue Capital Group.  In addition to Avenue Capital Group, Mr. Lasry also Co-Founded Amroc Investments, LLC. Prior to that, Mr. Lasry was Co–Director of the Bankruptcy and Corporate Reorganization Department at Cowen & Company. Before Amroc, Mr. Lasry served as Director of the Private Debt Department at Smith Vasiliou Management Company.  Mr. Lasry also clerked for the Honorable Edward Ryan, former Chief Bankruptcy Judge of the Southern District of New York.  In 2004 Mr. Lasry  co-chaired the Penn Parent Leadership Committee,  together with his wife Cathy Cohen.  The following year the couple donated $5 million to Clark University, which put the donation toward building the Lasry Center for Bioscience. Lasry serves on the board of the 92nd Street Y.  He is also on the board of Trustees for the Mount Sinai Hospital, and is a Trustee of Beth Israel Medical Center and Continuum Health Partners Inc. He sits on the Board of Directors of The Clinton Global Initiative and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. Lasry is married to Cathy Cohen and has five children. His son, Alexander, worked for White House Senior Adviser Valerie Jarrett. Lasry's daughter, Samantha, was a staffer for congressman Rahm Emanuel.  Lasry's hobbies include basketball, tennis and comics."
"Vishwavir Ahuja is an MBA from IIM, Ahmedabad and has MS in Finance from University of Michigan, USA. He is an accomplished Banker with a career spanning 29 years. As Managing Director & CEO of RBL Bank, Ahuja is responsible for building an institution of Banking Excellence based on a robust platform of strong governance, capital strength, core infrastructure, risk management, compliance framework and human assets. Prior to joining RBL Bank, Ahuja was the Managing Director & CEO of Bank of America, India from May, 2001 to August, 2009. During his tenure Bank of America was rated as the 'Best Foreign Bank in India', 'Most Efficient bank in India (across the entire Industry)' and was rated amongst the top 2 in Credit Quality by Ernst & Young Financial Express survey in 2008 and 2009. During his long stint at Bank of America, Ahuja has had assignments in USA, Hong Kong and all four Regional Offices in India. He has held various positions in Bank of America, India's Credit & Risk Management Group, Treasury & Foreign Exchange, Corporate Planning & Finance and Head - Corporate Banking & Investment Banking and eventually as CEO at the age of 41 years"
"Luca Maestri is Apple’s senior vice president and Chief Financial Officer reporting to CEO Tim Cook. As CFO, Luca oversees the accounting, business support, financial planning and analysis, treasury, M&A, investor relations, internal audit and tax functions at Apple. Luca joined Apple in 2013 as vice president of Finance and corporate controller, and has worked closely with Apple's senior leadership since his arrival.  Luca has over 25 years of experience building and leading finance teams in global companies with significant operating scale and complexity. Prior to joining Apple, Luca was CFO at Xerox and previously at Nokia Siemens Networks. He began his career with General Motors and spent 20 years in finance and operating roles in the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe. While at GM, Luca was part of the team that established GM’s regional Asia Pacific operations, including manufacturing investments in China and Thailand. He later became CFO for all of GM’s operations in Europe, which spanned over 45 countries with annual net revenue of approximately $40 billion.  Luca graduated from Luiss University in Rome with a bachelor’s degree in Economics and earned a master’s degree in Science of Management from Boston University.   Source: [Apple] (http://www.apple.com/pr/bios/luca-maestri.html)"
"Brad’s team is responsible for deploying the Microsoft 365 Modern Workplace, and has engineering responsibility for defining and delivering commercial Windows, management, and security of PCs and mobile devices, as well as customer deployment and usage of the Microsoft 365 services. As a part of this organization’s wide-ranging responsibilities, Brad leads the engineering and strategic development of the Enterprise Mobility + Security solution (a key part of Microsoft 365), as well as System Center Configuration Manager.  Since joining Microsoft in 2003, Brad has also led program management for Windows Server, System Center, and Remote Desktop Services. At Microsoft, he has built four separate billion-dollar businesses, including two from scratch. Brad regularly contributes to the Microsoft 365 Blog and hosts The Shiproom video series which is viewed millions of times each week. He also publishes a monthly IT recap show, The Endpoint Zone. Prior to Microsoft, Brad spent 12 years at Novell. He graduated magna cum laude in design engineering technology, and later earned an MBA with honors, from Brigham Young University."
"Williams is one of our founders and has served as a member of our board of directors since May 2007. From October 2008 to October 2010, Williams served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, from July 2009 to March 2010, as our Chief Financial Officer and from February 2008 to October 2008, as our Chief Product Officer.  Since April 2011, Williams has served as Chief Executive Officer of Medium, an online publishing platform, and since October 2006, as Chief Executive Officer of The Obvious Corporation, a technology systems innovator. Williams was selected to serve on our board of directors because of the perspective and experience he brings as one of our founders and as one of our largest stockholders, as well as his extensive experience with technology companies."
"Michele Romanow is an engineer and a serial entrepreneur who started five companies before her 33rd birthday. A “Dragon” on CBC’s hit show Dragons’ Den (Canada’s Shark Tank), Michele is the co-founder of Clearbanc: the alternative funding company that gives fast-growing e-commerce brands non-dilutive marketing capital. She previously co-founded SnapSaves, which was acquired by the American tech giant, Groupon. Michele was also the co-Founder of Buytopia.ca, which acquired ten competitors including Shop.ca and WagJag and was ranked #3 on the Profit Hot 50 list of fastest-growing companies. She’s ranked in WXN’s “100 Most Powerful in Canada” and listed as the only Canadian on Forbes magazine’s “Millennial on a Mission” list.  Michele is a prolific angel investor and the winner of Angel Investor of the Year award. She co-founded the Canadian Entrepreneurship Initiative with Richard Branson to encourage more women entrepreneurs. Michele has worked driving new digital solutions to many of the world’s leading brands, including P&G, Netflix, Starbucks, and Cirque du Soleil. In addition, she’s advised Fortune 100s and governments on innovation, AI, blockchain and the new economy. Michele is a director for Vail Resorts (NYSE: MTN), Freshii (TSX: FRII), League of Innovators, Queen’s Business School and Shad, a transformational program that develops the entrepreneurial potential of exceptional Canadian youth."
"John Major is a successful entrepreneur with over 30 years of business experience with leading technology brands.He is currently the Founder and President of MTSG, a strategic consulting business specializing in emerging opportunities and Chairman of the Board at Broadcom Corporation.Most recently, he was CEO of Apacheta, a company that delivers complex wireless applications to improve worker and supply chain efficiency and he was chairman and CEO of Novatel Wireless where he led the company’s successful IPO in the fall of 2000.  He successfully held several executive leadership positions at Motorola from 1977 until joining QUALCOMM in 1997. As an SVP and CTO, he directed a broad range of research initiatives and led Motorola’s efforts to develop world-class excellence in software.Prior to that position, he served as Senior Vice President and General Manager for Motorola’s Worldwide Systems Group, which developed the iDEN system that was deployed by Nextel. He participates in multiple industry organizations and holds 10 US patents."
"Amit Saberwal was the Chief Business Officer for International Markets at MakeMyTrip. His responsibilities include managing all aspects of the company’s business development, customer experience and operations in overseas markets. Amit also leads the Hotels line of business across MakeMyTrip in all geographies. Amit has over 20 years of experience in the Hospitality and Tourism industry and haspreviously worked as Director Sales and Marketing with The Park Hotels in Bangalore and New Delhi. Amit is a Hotel Management graduate with a Post Graduate Diploma in Sales & Marketing from National Institute for Sales, New Delhi.  He has spent time at Cornell University honing his professional skills as an hotelier. Amit's interests include scuba diving, solving Sudoku and crossword puzzles and sampling exotic cuisines."
"Kalpesh Kapadia’s career spans 20+ years in the US and Asia, primarily in technology and finance. Prior to co-founding SelfScore he was one of the foremost analyst/investors in Wall Street’s tech sector. In 2004 he was ranked the #1 analyst in the US across all sectors by the venerable Wall Street Journal. In 2005 he founded Equanum Capital and successfully managed it through 2012. In ’07 and ’09, Equanum Funds were one of the best managed global equity funds in Barrons.com and Asiahedge rankings. He earned an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University where he is an active member of its Bay Area Alumni community and a proud member of W.L. Mellon Society. He also holds an MS in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research from New Jersey Institute of Technology. His personal and charitable interests focus on empowerment and upliftment through higher education. Kalpesh is a member/supporter of organizations such as Cato Institute, Santa Fe Institute, Foundation for Excellence and American Himalayan Foundation. He is also a member of Bay Area chapters of Commonwealth Club and the Churchill Club. He came to the US over 20 years ago as a young student and struggled to establish his credit profile. Through SelfScore, he plans to ease the challenges for this deserving but underserved population."
"Changpeng Zhao, known as CZ, is a serial entrepreneur with an impressive track record of successful startups. He launched Binance in July 2017 and within 180 days, grew Binance into the largest cryptocurrency exchange in the world. CZ is a Chinese-Canadian coder who spent his youth flipping burgers before studying at McGill University Montreal. He then spent time in Tokyo and New York, first building systems for matching trade orders, then developing software for Bloomberg’s futures trading on Wall Street. In 2005, CZ quit his role as head of the Bloomberg Tradebook Futures Research & Development team and moved to Shanghai to start Fusion Systems. Soon thereafter, he learned about Bitcoin and joined Blockchain.info as Head of Technology. An expert in blockchain and trading systems, CZ has built Binance into the leading blockchain ecosystem, comprised of Exchange, Labs, Launchpad, Info, Academy, Research, Trust Wallet, and Charity Foundation."
"Dr. Timo Strattner is the co-founder of Eliseo Partners (Asia) Limited. This company offers financing to the portfolio companies and clients in the form of loans and equity lines. Eliseo is comprised of a hedge fund, Australian securities trading firm and direct lending firm. He began his career working in the technology sector before he moved into finance and realized it was his passion. He also loved that finance would allow him to care for his family as they got older. To be successful, Timo knew he needed to learn everything possible about finance. He achieved this by seeking those out who had knowledge he wanted to gain. After years of learning and growing, he was finally able to feel confident in his work and progress in his career."
"Sacha Poignonnec is the Co-CEO of Jumia (formerly Africa Internet Group), Africa’s leading Internet platform, a group that operates online and mobile e-commerce retail, marketplaces, classifieds and services companies and facilitatory services such as booking agencies. Since starting in 2012, he has overseen with Jeremy Hodara the launch and expansion of ten companies in more than 30 countries across Africa. Previously, Sacha worked for McKinsey in Paris and New York, focusing on Consumer Goods and Retail. He started his career with Arthur Andersen, and then participated in the creation of Accuracy, a corporate finance boutique based in Paris. Sacha holds a master's degree in business administration from EDHEC Business School, France, where he majored in Finance."
"Wayne Chang (born August 3, 1983) is an American entrepreneur, angel investor, film producer, and philanthropist. He is best known for founding Crashlytics, which in little over a year was acquired by Twitter for over $100 million in 2013 (later valued at $259.5 million at Twitter's IPO), creating i2hub, a popular filesharing network, his seed investments that include companies like JetSmarter, Draftkings, and Gusto, and his lawsuit against the Winklevoss brothers, who were famously depicted in The Social Network movie."
"Thomas D. Lehrman is the Board Director at Gerson Lehrman Group.He is a Co - Founder and former Co - Chief Executive Officer of Gerson Lehrman Group, Inc.  Thomas Lehrman most recently served as Director of the Office of WMD Terrorism at the U.S. Department of State and previously as a member of the professional staff on the President's WMD Commission.  Earlier in his career, he worked as a Financial Analyst at Tiger Management. He is also a Co - Founder & Board Member of the Brooklyn Excelsior Charter School and the Hillhouse Scholars Program.  Thomas Lehrman is a Chartered Financial Analyst and graduated from Duke University and Yale Law School."
"Rahul Gandhi (born 19 June 1970) is an Indian politician who currently serves as Member of Parliament, Lok Sabha from Amethi, Uttar Pradesh and is also the President of the Indian National Congress."
"Sean John Combs, also known by his stage names Puff Daddy, Diddy, and P. Diddy, is an American rapper, record producer, actor, and entrepreneur."
"Augusto aims to help to create the API economy with ideas that change the way software is build, consumed and distributed. He drives Mashape vision, strategy, long-term product roadmap and growth. Before Mashape, Augusto was a SF homeless immigrant from Italy."
Frank Sinatra is Chairman of Board at Sinatra.
"In 2005, Sebastian Siemiatkowski co-founded Klarna in order to provide safe and smooth online payments. He currently serves as its Chief Executive Officer. Over the past decade, he has overseen the company’s rapid growth across Europe and more recently into North America. Klarna is a now fully licensed bank with 60mn consumer and 170,000 merchant user base.  Sebastian has received multiple awards for his leadership, including runner up in the 2015 global EY Entrepreneur of the Year award, Leader of the Year by Adecco, and European Entrepreneur of the Year Award by TechTour. He holds a master’s degree from the Stockholm School of Economics."
"Jens Hilgers a serial entrepreneur with His primary interest in esports, videogames and online technologies. Having build his first videogame online tournaments, lan-events and gameserver farms as early as 1997 he had consider myself a veteran in the eSports industry. Building companies and making ideas become reality is what he really loves. Outstanding user experience, agility, transparency and sustainability are the core principles of his daily work. He is  a creative thinker, problem solver and quick learner. He has team up with ambitious and smart people of upright character. For 22 years now he has been building and managing international games&tech companies in Central and Eastern Europe aswell as in Asia. Since 2012 he is also actively investing in and supporting selected startups."
"Josh Bruno is the Founder & CEO of Path. Prior to Path, he founded Hometeam when his family struggled to care for his 93-year-old grandfather. He believes that home care should go beyond the basics to provide a safe, reliable, and interactive service that creates happier days for seniors. Prior to Hometeam, Josh worked as an investor, operator, and engineer at companies like Bain Ventures, Bain & Co, and Yahoo. Learn More: www.pathccm.com"
"Diller is the Chairman and Senior Executive of IAC and the Chairman and Senior Executive of Expedia, Inc.  Since December 1992, beginning with QVC, Mr. Diller has served as chief executive for a number of predecessor companies engaged in media and interactivity prior to the formation of IAC.  Prior to QVC, Diller served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Fox, Inc. and served for 10 years as the Chairman and Chief Executive of Paramount Pictures Corporation.  He was responsible for the creation of Fox Broadcasting Company in addition to Foxs motion picture operations.  In March 1983, in addition to Paramount, Diller became President of the conglomerates newly formed Entertainment and Communications Group, which included Simon & Schuster, Inc., Madison Square Garden Corporation and SEGA Enterprises, Inc."
"As an Entrepreneur in Residence at General Catalyst Partners, Charlie Baker focuses on investing in mid-size firms, primarily in the health care services industries.   Before joining General Catalyst, Charlie was the Republican nominee for Governor, losing a close four way race to Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick.  Before that, he spent ten years as CEO of Harvard Pilgrim Health Care, a $2 billion, 1 million member health benefits plan serving individuals and employers in MA, NH and ME.  Under his leadership, HPHC went from state receivership to #1 in the country for six years in a row for member satisfaction and clinical effectiveness. Prior to that, Charlie served as CEO of Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates, the largest independent multi-specialty physician practice in Eastern Massachusetts.  In the 1990s, he served as Secretary of Health and Human Services and Secretary of Administration and Finance under Massachusetts Governors Bill Weld and Paul Cellucci, where he earned the Distinguished Service Award from the National Governor’s Association."
"Prior to founding Taboola in 2007, Singolda served as an officer in an elite mathematical unit of the Israeli National Security Agency. Singolda, an honored alum of the Israeli Defense Force's elite computer science training program, graduated first in his class at the Officers Academy of the IDF, and was named one of Israel's top 30 under 30 business managers by TheMarker. He has spoken on stage at TEDx, Kaltura Connect, Advertising Week, 360i Marketing Summit, Web Summit, Streaming Media, NAB, NewTeeVee, ELEVATE, Meetup, MIT (Sloan), Bloomberg West, and others."
Oskar Hjertonsson is Co-Founder and serves as Chief Executive Officer at Cornershop. 
"Deep Nishar is the Vice President of Product at LinkedIn, a position he took in December 2008. Prior to LinkedIn, Nishar was a long time Google executive who helped start its mobile business and other key products. As Director of Wireless Products at Google, Deep Nishar developed and implemented the product strategy for Google's mobile products worldwide. Prior to Google, Deep worked at Siebel Systems where he was a member of the founding team of the Universal Application Network (UAN) business unit which grew to a $40 million a year run rate in its first year. Prior to Siebel, Deep founded Patkai Networks, a web services based software integration company. At Patkai, Deep built the product and engineering organizations and drove all of the business operations for the company. Additionally, Deep was an associate at The Boston Consulting Group and also held various product management, marketing, finance and engineering roles at Cummins Engine Company, where he was awarded three patents. Deep received his Bachelors in Technology with honors from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, where he was awarded the Institute Silver Medal. Deep also received a Masters of Science in Electrical Engineering from University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign and a Masters in Business Administration from Harvard Business School where he graduated with highest honors as a Baker Scholar."
"Michael Jackson is a professional speaker specializing in the subject of Change with a technology bias.  Speaking at over 120 conferences a year around the planet, Michael is highly sought after. Michael Jackson - Biography Michael Jackson has over 25 years of strategic business, marketing and communications experience. Born in Britain, then London educated and trained in business strategy development and communication he has worked personally with Richard Branson at Virgin Atlantic, as well as with the directors of many other global businesses such as Microsoft, Nike and HP.   Michael later moved to South Africa to work with an international advertising agency, as that country became a democracy, where he specialised in developing strategies for companies wishing to establish a presence or expansion into Africa.  He still occasionally consults in this arena, yet today he is widely regarded as a full time professional speaker and writer and has become globally renowned and sought-after as a specialist on the subject of business change.  Michael has carved out an enviable reputation as one of the best business-to-business speakers on the global professional circuit by speaking at around 120 conferences and seminars a year across Africa, Asia, Europe, the USA and the Middle East; to audiences ranging from factory workers to Heads of State. Michael is consistently rated by his clients, conference organisers and audiences alike as â€˜simply outstandingâ€™ for the way he creates and delivers powerful change messages â€“ and he creates and weaves personalised individual company and industry business messages into all of his materials to suit every individual audience.  Michael consistently and successfully predicts and details market performances, trends and consumer behaviour with unerring accuracy for companies, industries and markets around the world â€“ while motivating his business audiences to perform to a better personal standard. "

"Using his political skills, his strategic know-how and a true passion for sport, Lord Coe won the bid to host the 2012 Olympics in London. Seven years later the Prime Minister thanked him for “lifting our hearts” after organising the most successful Games of modern times. After the games Seb served as chairman of the British Olympic Association and is now President of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF). Seb first made his name as one of the greatest athletes of his generation. He set twelve world records over four distances, achieving four golds and three silver medals in the Olympics and European Championships. He tells the story in his autobiography, Running My Life. Talking about the setbacks as well as victories, he shows how he beat the competition by facing down everything in training: “You don’t become a champion by turning up and hoping to get lucky.” In speeches Seb takes audiences from his own on-track rivalries to the lessons learned from London - overseeing an enormous infrastructure and logistical exercise in one of the world's great cities. He highlights the need to build a resilient and dependable team, from a variety of backgrounds; to be seen to deliver on your vision (even while under constant scrutiny); and to communicate pre-emptively and leave nothing to chance. Above all, he underlines the age-old proposition that no amount of theorising replaces ‘the genius of hard work.’ Before he took on the Olympic role Seb served as an MP, a Government Whip and Private Secretary to William Hague - which provides a variety of anecdotes and insights. He also set up a chain of health clubs and acted as a global advisor to Nike. As incoming IAAF President, he faces new challenges and controversies with characteristic zeal, intelligence and diplomacy unpinned by his unwavering love of sport. Seb was made a Life Peer, becoming Lord Coe of Ranmore, and has since been appointed a KBE. He received a BBC Sports Personality Lifetime Achievement Award, and was named ‘Greatest Briton’ in the Morgan Stanley Awards. He also secured the 2017 World Athletics Championships for London. In this case it is only the third largest sporting event on the planet."
"Timothy Sullivan has is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Ancestry.com and has serves as a director since September 2005. Prior to joining Ancestry.com, Mr. Sullivan was Chief Operating Officer and then President and CEO of Match.com from January 2001 to September 2004. From May 1999 to January 2001, Mr. Sullivan served as Vice President of E-commerce for Ticketmaster Online-Citysearch, Inc. From June 1991 to May 1999, Mr. Sullivan held multiple positions at The Walt Disney Company, including Vice President and Managing Director of Buena Vista Home Entertainment Asia Pacific from July 1997 to May 1999. Mr. Sullivan holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and was a Morehead Scholar at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill."
"Avraham Kadar, M.D., is a pediatrician and National Institutes of Health (NIH)-trained immunologist, and the Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BrainPOP, an internet company that includes the award-winning animated online educational platform BrainPOP, and the pioneering dynamic digital marketing and rich media solutions AditAll, LLC and Dynamic Video, LLC. Avraham Kadar is the husband of Naomi Prawer Kadar. He and Naomi devoted their lives together to the very passions and values upon which The Naomi Foundation is based – family, social justice, love, and community. As the President of the foundation, he, along with the other board members, carries out and considers the vision and goals of the foundation. Born in Rishon LeZion, Israel, Dr. Kadar has parlayed an enduring and life-long passion for science into two successful careers: first as a scientist and physician and then as a businessman. He began his formal studies in physics at the Hebrew University, followed by medical training at Tel Aviv University. While he is an innovator and entrepreneur in the online world, Dr. Kadar remains a physician and educator at heart. His belief in the centrality of science education provided the initial inspiration for BrainPOP."
"In 1999, Patrick M. Byrne launched Overstock.com. In 2016, Overstock had revenues of $1.8 billion. In 2012, Byrne’s pro-freedom political orientation challenged Overstock to become the first online retailer to accept bitcoin for payments. In 2015, Byrne used Medici’s t0.com trading platform to become the first person to purchase a digital bond entirely on the blockchain, and in 2016 Overstock was the first company ever to issues shares of a public company on an ATS."
"Graduate, Harvard Univ. and Harvard Business School. Chairman and Managing Director, Mahindra Group. Thought leader in Indian business. Serves on many industry confederations. Initiated the Nanhi Kali programme to provide free education to economically underprivileged girls in India. Co-Founder, Naandi Danone, India's largest safe drinking water provider to rural areas. Life Trustee, Board of Naandi Foundation, which provides meals to 1.3 million children daily. Co-Chair, World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2009. Named among World’s 50 Greatest Leaders, Fortune Magazine (2014); named one of the top 25 most powerful business people in Asia, Fortune Magazine (2011)."
"Steve Streit is viewed as both a pioneer in the financial services industry and as a passionate advocate for the unbanked and underserved communities. He is founder and chief executive of Pasadena-based Green Dot Corporation, bringing the category of prepaid/reloadable debit cards to retail stores more than a decade ago. Green Dot has since built upon this legacy and grown to become a financial services company that provides a broad assortment of personal banking products and services to low and moderate income Americans through multiple distribution channels. In 2011, under Steve's leadership, Green Dot became a bank holding company with the purchase of Bonneville Bank in Provo, Utah. Following this acquisition, Green Dot expanded its product offering to include GoBank, its FDIC-insured checking account. Steve has been recognized for numerous industry awards over the years, including a two-time winner of EY Entrepreneur Of The Year. Steve focuses his philanthropic efforts on children in need. In 2009, Steve founded Patti's Way, a 501(c)(3) charitable foundation providing grants to single mothers and their children. He is also a longtime volunteer mentoring Los Angeles County foster children and a benefactor to the Los Angeles Police Department's Hollenbeck Police Athletic League (PAL), which has recognized him with its annual Humanitarian Award. More recently, Steve was honored by CoachArt, an organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for children with chronic and life-threatening illnesses. Steve is an often-requested speaker at prepaid and banking conferences, as well as at entrepreneur classes at universities around the country."
"Forrest Iandola completed a PhD in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at UC Berkeley, where his research focused on deep neural networks. His advances in scalable training and efficient implementation of deep neural networks led to the founding of DeepScale, where he is CEO. DeepScale is focused entirely on building perception and sensor fusion systems for autonomous vehicles, and DeepScale has a number of engagements with automakers and automotive suppliers."
"Robert James and James Home Services: Tim Burns, State Master, lost 20 master franchisees. How the Internet Killed Off the Master Franchisor."
"Christoph is a serial entrepreneur who has founded and exited 5 companies. Today he is an experienced venture capital fund manager. He has had over $1 billion in venture investments under management and holds an exceptional track record of 2x on the capital invested. He has worked on numerous transactions within many different industries.  Prior to founding GLOBAL VENTURES, Christoph was a partner at M2P Venture & Capital Partners, CEO of Deutsche Telekom Strategic Investments (T-Venture) and Vice President at DT Capital Partners. At Detecon International he headed the restructuring & efficiency practice and worked for the turnaround management boutique Turnaround Management Society.  Christoph founded, managed and successfully exited several companies such as an internet service provider, an IT consulting & security company and a new media publishing company earlier in his career. In addition, Christoph is the author of some bestselling textbooks on corporate restructuring, international management and financial markets.  Christoph studied at the University of Hamburg and received a Master of Accounting as well as an MBA from Bond University, Australia. Afterwards he went to France and received his Doctorate with honors, from a leading French University."
"Jennifer Lum is an entrepreneur, angel investor and startup advisor. Jennifer co-founded Forge.AI and Adelphic (acquired by Time). She was an early team member at Quattro Wireless (acquired by Apple), m-Qube (acquired by VeriSign) and WebHosting.com (acquired by AT&T). Jennifer previously worked as a management consultant with financial services and technology companies. Jennifer is an angel investor and an advisor to startups and venture capital firms. She has been featured in the Harvard Business Review, New York Times, TechCrunch, and the Boston Globe."
"Mark is currently a Partner, LP and Investment Committee member at Kindred Capital, a European Seed-Stage Venture fund, based in London. He was a General Partner at Balderton Capital/ Benchmark Europe from 2002 through 2015, and an EIR at Benchmark Capital in 1999/2000. He spent the prior 15 years @ Goldman Sachs, where he was a General Partner and Management Committee member. He studied Economics at both University of Oxford and Queen's University in Canada."
Founder/Owner BRAVO SIERRA (2019) / Harmless Harvest (2011) / GoodFish (2020)
"Sarah Smith joined Bain Capital Ventures in 2018 and primarily invests in early- to mid-stage companies across a range of sectors including consumer, SaaS, mobility, and marketplaces. Her current active investments include Lime and Perksy. She is based in Palo Alto and spent the last decade in leadership roles at Facebook and Quora while also seed investing with micro-funds Graph Ventures and F7. Most recently, Sarah was VP of Sales and Operations at Quora, the knowledge sharing network. She led the launch of monetization and also ran HR and recruiting, scaling the company from 40 to 200+ employees. She built the HR and operations teams responsible for company culture, compensation, benefits, equity refreshers, performance reviews, HRIS/ATS implementation, people development, policy enforcement, and content moderation. From 2008 to 2012, Sarah was in various regional and global leadership roles at Facebook. As Director of Online Operations, she launched teams including the Austin office, mid-market account management, and the SMB growth team. Her team grew revenue to $1 billion ARR while reducing churn and increasing customer satisfaction. Before Facebook, Sarah also held positions with Swish Marketing, Sylvan Learning Centers, and Madison Metropolitan Public Schools. Sarah enjoys helping founders grow and scale. She is an active member of All Raise and is passionate about inclusion, encouraging the development of underrepresented groups in leadership and entrepreneurship. Sarah has her MBA from Stanford and undergraduate degree in music education from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. She loves playing board games and collecting wine with her husband Kyle."
"Sanjit Biswas is the Founder and CEO at Samsara. He is a former CEO and a co-founder of Meraki, where he managed day-to-day operations from inception through the $1.2 billion acquisition by Cisco in 2012.  He now serves as the Vice President and General Manager of the Cisco Cloud Networking Group, headquartered in San Francisco.  Sanjit has been recognized as a TR35 honoree by MIT Technology Review, Technology Pioneer by the World Economic Forum, and has received awards for academic research in computer networking."
"Troy Carter is the Founder, Chairman and CEO of Atom Factory, an entertainment management company defining popular culture globally. As a digital and social entrepreneur, Carter has defined the careers of numerous recording artists, including multi-platinum, Grammy-Award winner Lady Gaga. Carter began his career in Philadelphia working for Will Smith and James Lassiter’s Overbrook Entertainment, and joined Bad Boy Entertainment in 1995 where he worked with disruptors such as Notorious B.I.G. In 1999, Carter formed the boutique talent management company, Erving Wonder. Erving Wonder quickly became one of the preeminent artist management firms and was acquired by the Sanctuary Group in 2004.   After founding Atom Factory in 2010, Carter and his Atom Factory artists began scaling the web’s largest social media audiences on Twitter, Facebook and YouTube. In 2011, to focus the potential of these distributed networks, Carter co-founded Backplane, a Silicon Valley start-up that unites people around affinities, interests and movements. The following year, Carter incorporated A \ IDEA, a product development and branding agency, as well as AF Square, an angel fund and technology consultancy that holds interest in more than 40 technology companies at various stages of growth."
"Alexandra Patricia Morgan Carrasco is an American soccer player, Olympic gold medalist, and FIFA Women's World Cup champion. She is a forward for Orlando Pride in the National Women's Soccer League and the United States national team."
"Paul is a serial entrepreneur specialising in speech, language and artificial intelligence. In 2006, he co-founded Phonetic Arts, which developed speech software for the games industry. Phonetic Arts was acquired by Google in 2010, and Paul worked at Google as head of the text-to-speech group and as a research scientist until leaving in 2013. 2004-2006 Paul was a visiting lecturer at Cambridge University, working and teaching in the Engineering department. During this time, he wrote Text-to-Speech synthesis, widely regarded as the definitive book in the field. In 2000, Paul co-founded Rhetorical Systems which was the world leader in text-to-speech. Rhetorical was acquired by Nuance in 2004. From 1989-2000, Paul was at Edinburgh University, where he gained his PhD, worked as a post-doc, tenured lecturer and eventually director of the Centre for Speech Technology Research. He is author of more than 80 academic papers."
"Howie Liu is a Founder, CEO at Airtable since January 2013. At the age of 20, Howie founded Etacts to disrupt the CRM industry with a product for individuals and SMBs to effortlessly manage their relationships across email, phone calls, and social media. Backed by Y Combinator and top angels, Etacts was acquired by the CRM and SaaS market leader Salesforce within a year. At Salesforce, Howie lead the social product for the company’s flagship CRM. Previously, Howie worked at Labor as a Platform company Crowdflower, where he built the first analytics product and helped to establish the company’s earliest enterprise accounts. Even earlier, Howie contributed as Freestyle Capital’s first analyst while still in college."
"Jennifer Tejada is the CEO and Chairperson of PagerDuty (NYSE: PD), a leading platform for real-time operations. She is a veteran software industry executive and business leader with over 25 years of experience, spanning mass consumer products to disruptive cloud and software solutions. She has a successful track record in product innovation, optimizing operations and scaling public and private enterprise technology companies. She led PagerDuty through a strong IPO in April 2019. Prior to her role at PagerDuty, Jennifer was the CEO of Keynote Systems where she led the company to strong profitable growth before its acquisition by Dynatrace in 2015. Before Keynote, Jennifer was Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer at the enterprise software company Mincom leading its global strategy up to its acquisition in late 2011 by ABB. She has also held senior positions at Procter & Gamble and i2 Technologies (acquired by JDA Software). Jennifer currently serves as a board member of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (NYSE: EL) and Puppet, Inc. Jennifer holds a B.S. from the University of Michigan."
"Roger McNamee is a Managing Director and Co-Founder of Elevation Partners. Prior to Elevation, Roger was a co-founder of [Silver Lake Partners](http://www.crunchbase.com/organization/silver-lake-partners), the leading private equity fund focused on technology and related growth industries. He was a member of Silver Lakeâ€™s Investment Committee and was involved in all aspects of that partnership.  Prior to Silver Lake, Roger was a co-founder of [Integral Capital Partners](http://www.crunchbase.com/financial-organization/integral-capital-partners). Integral is a leading technology investor in late-stage venture and public company investments. Founded in 1991 by Roger, John A. Powell, and [Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers](http://www.crunchbase.com/financial-organization/kleiner-perkins-caufield-byers), Integral pioneered the crossover investment strategy, which seeks maximum capital appreciation by making investments in expansion-stage private companies and growth-stage public companies in the technology and life science industries. Prior to founding Integral, Roger managed the T. Rowe Price Science & Technology Fund and co-managed the T. Rowe Price New Horizons Fund, which was at that time the largest emerging growth fund in the U.S. Roger serves as a trustee of Bryn Mawr College, an overseer of the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration at Dartmouth College, a director of the Rex Foundation, Move, Forbes Media LLC and Palm. Roger holds a B.A. from Yale College and an M.B.A. from the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration at Dartmouth College."
"Kara Swisher started covering digital issues for the Wall Street Journal’s San Francisco bureau in 1997. Her column, “BoomTown,” originally appeared on the front page of the Marketplace section and also online at WSJ.com. Previously, Kara covered breaking news about the Web’s major players and Internet policy issues, as one of its first hires to cover the Web, and also wrote feature articles on technology for the newspaper. She has also written a weekly column for the Personal Journal on home gadget issues called “Home Economics.” With Walt Mossberg, over the last 11 years, she has been co-producing D: All Things Digital, a major high-tech conference with interviewees such as Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and many other leading players in the tech and media industries. The gathering is considered one of the leading conferences focused on the convergence of tech and media industries. Kara and Walt also have been co-executive editors of the AllThingsD.com Web site since 2007 until the end of 2013. Kara won a Loeb Award while at AllThingsD.com for her coverage of Yahoo. She also writes occasionally for Vanity Fair magazine, which is owned by Condé Nast. Previously, she worked as a reporter at the Washington Post. She is also the author of “aol.com: How Steve Case Beat Bill Gates, Nailed the Netheads and Made Millions in the War for the Web,” published by Times Business Books in July 1998. The sequel, “There Must Be a Pony in Here Somewhere: The AOL Time Warner Debacle and the Quest for a Digital Future,” was published in the fall of 2003 by Crown Business Books. Kara was an undergraduate at Georgetown University’s School of Foreign Service and did her graduate work at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism."

"Tony Fadell led the team that created the first 18 generations of the iPod and the first three generations of the iPhone. Before Apple, Tony built the Mobile Computing Group at Philips Electronics. Tony has authored more than 100 patents. He graduated from the University of Michigan with a Bachelors in Computer Engineering."
"Tadashi Yanai is Chairman, President & CEO at Fast Retailing Co."

"Lisa Falzone is the Co-Founder & CEO of Athena Security, an award-winning Gun Detection solution enterprises. Since starting the company from the ground up in 2017, Falzone has been a trailblazer in technology. She is spearheading her last company Revel Systems which rasied over 100m in funding and a evalution over 500m. Revel's mission was to help entrepreneurs around the world build their dream business."
"Tim Young is a Founding General Partner at Eniac Ventures with two exits as an entrepreneur and over 20 years of experience advising and investing in 100+ early stage startups. Tim has been fascinated by technology since his mother taught him to code in Fortran at the age of 10. He went on to study engineering and become a patent attorney and tech entrepreneur.   Prior to founding Eniac in 2009, Tim founded Bridge, an enterprise software company focusing on corporate training in Beijing, China, which he led to an 8-figure exit. Prior to Bridge, Tim led product at Quoteship, a B2B marketplace for logistics, which exited to Logistics.com (NASD: ICGE). Tim also spent time coding at ExxonMobil, managing product at BAE Systems, and advising startups on Patent and other IP issues at MoFo.   During downtime, you can find Tim exploring the mountains and oceans. He has surfed on six continents and plans to sail to Hawaii in the upcoming Pacific Cup. Tim is also passionate about combating climate change and sits on the board of the Institute for Energy & Climate Strategies (IECS).   Tim received his BSE in Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, where he received an award for cancer research from Bristol-Myers Squibb. He also received his J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School. Tim is a member of the State Bar of California and is a US Patent and Trademark Office registered attorney.   @timy0ung"
"Ilan Zechory is co-founder and President of Genius. Originally from Detroit, Michigan, Zechory majored in religious studies at Yale. Before founding Genius, Zechory worked as a project manager at Google and as a writer for HBO's ""John From Cincinnati""."
"Rick Osterloh currently leads Google's hardware division. Rick Osterloh took on leadership of Motorola Mobility in April, 2014. Rick has a long and successful track record in the industry and at Motorola.  Before taking over leadership of Motorola, Rick was responsible for leading global product management for Motorola Mobility. Prior to Motorola, Rick worked at Skype where he was vice president of product and design. Rick led the design, strategy, product planning, research and development of products to more than 250 million monthly Skype users. Prior to working at Skype, Rick created an organization within Motorola that was focused on Android, successfully designing and engineering Motorola’s first Android-based device. Rick also managed the software and services engineering team located in five countries. In this role, he was responsible for the delivery of Motorola’s software and operation of the Android platform for Motorola. Before Motorola, Rick led product management at Good Technology, one of the earliest successful smartphone players. As VP Product & Marketing, Rick was responsible for Good Technology’s global product offering, product strategy and marketing activities. Prior to Good Technology, Rick managed enterprise software projects for Fortune 1000 companies at Deloitte & Touche Consulting Group, worked in product management at Amazon.com and analyzed wireless industry investments for Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. Rick earned both a bachelor’s and master’s degree in engineering from Stanford University, and was an Arjay Miller scholar at Stanford Graduate School of Business."
"Scott is an American entrepreneur and angel investor. He is best known as a co-founder of IronPort and an early advisor and board member at PayPal. Scott Banister started his career as a pioneer in the email business. He was Founder and VP of Technology at ListBot, the largest ASP for business email list hosting. ListBot was acquired by Microsoft. After ListBot, Scott spent his time working with other start-ups as a board member and investor. These start-ups include eVoice, creator of the first email-enabled home voicemail service, which was acquired by AOL in 2001. He served as VP of Ideas at idealab!, where he contributed numerous innovations, including the unique bid-for-placement search engine model that powers Overture. In December 2000, with Scott Weiss, Banister co-founded IronPort, an email appliance provider that was acquired in 2007 by Cisco for US$830 million. Scott Banister is co-founder and Chairman of [Zivity](http://www.crunchbase.com/organization/zivity), a social networking site co-founded with his wife, [Cyan Banister](http://www.crunchbase.com/person/cyan-banister). He was an early investor in [Powerset](http://www.crunchbase.com/organization/powerset), a startup building a natural language search engine, and sits on the company's Board of Directors. He also sits on the Board of Directors for Slide, a start-up founded by PayPal co-founder Max Levchin.  Other private equity investments include Zappos.com, LiveOps, Facebook, Hi5.com, Tagged.com, iLike, and Causes.com. Banister attended University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, from which he dropped out in 1996 to move to Silicon Valley. He currently lives in Half Moon Bay, California with his wife Cyan."
"Michael Pachter is an oft-quoted video game, social media, digital media and electronics analyst with Wedbush Securities.  He is also the Head of Research for the Private Shares Group, a Wedbush division which focuses on companies which have not yet gone public such as Facebook (pre-IPO) and Twitter.  He is regularly cited by national publications in the United States, including The New York Times,the Los Angeles Times, and the Wall Street Journal."
Laura Behrens Wu is the founder and CEO of Shippo. Shippo simplifies shipping for eCommerce companies by offering discounted shipping rates and a streamlined solution across all different shipping providers. It’s Amazon-level shipping for all e-commerce stores. Laura runs a 65 people team based in San Francisco and is most interested in the data component that comes with shipping.
"David Smith is the Founder/CEO of High Brew Coffee, the country’s first RTD Cold-Brewed coffee available nationally. He and his wife discovered the benefits of cold-brew coffee while sailing their catamaran throughout the Eastern Caribbean. Nothing else delivered the natural energy and refreshing taste than cold-brewed iced coffee. They home-schooled their children while navigating the tropical islands for six months before returning to Austin to start High Brew. Previously, David co-founded Sweet Leaf Tea in 1998 where he was the VP of Sales and Marketing until Nestle acquired the company in 2011. David is co-founder of Rhythm Superfoods and Live Soda and sits on the boards Primizie Snacks and Austin EastCiders. David graduated with a BS in Economics and a minor in Business from the University of Texas in Austin in 1997. He remains in Austin with his wife, daughter and son."
"John Durham is CEO and Managing Partner for Catalyst S+F (www.catalystSF.com).  John has amassed one of the strongest resumes in marketing with a specific focus on digital marketing and advertising sales since 1995.  John was recently President of Sales and Marketing for Jumpstart Automotive Media (www.jumpstartautomotive.com), successfully engineering the company for sale to Hachette Filipacchi.  Prior to his role with Jumpstart, John was EVP, Business Development for Carat Fusion and President of Pericles Consulting (www.periclesconsulting.com).  John has also been responsible for overall management of Winstar Interactive (www.winstarinteractive.com) as President/CRO.  At Winstar he ran the site specific rep firm for over six years.  He oversaw the managing of nine offices and sixty employees.  John is also a professor at the University of San Francisco and a certified wine collector, knowledgeable in all varietals and selection.  You can consider John a sommelier of marketing."
"Dr. Brian Bonar is chairman and CEO of Trucept, Inc. as well as Dalrada Financial Corp. Past positions include leadership positions at Smart-tek Automated Services, Inc., Allegiant Professional Business Services, Inc., and The Amanda Co., Inc.,  Bonar received his undergraduate degree from the University of Strathclyde, an MBA from Staffordshire University, and a doctorate degree from Staffordshire University."
"Alex Chung is currently the founder and CEO of GIPHY. His latest startups include Artspace, a leading ecommerce destination for contemporary art, The Fridge, a private social network acquired by Google, and General Displays a GE venture developing GE's next generation of HDTVs. He has also directed media technology for MTV, NBC, Comcast, Charter, and managed future technologies for Paul Allen's R&D lab.  He was one of the early architects of interactive television and started his career as a hardware engineer at Intel. He was named on Business Insider's Top 25 most influential technologists in New York and has degrees in philosophy, electrical/computer engineering, and graphic design."
"David joined Tabcorp in April 2010 as Managing Director - Wagering. He became Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer when Tabcorp's demerger of its former casinos business was completed in June 2011. He has an extensive background in totalisator and fixed odds betting, racing and broadcasting. He was previously the Chief Executive Officer (South Africa) of Phumelela Gaming and Leisure Limited, the leading wagering operator in South Africa. His previous experience also includes the development of casino, bookmaking and gaming opportunities for British bookmaking company Ladbrokes (formerly part of the Hilton Group Plc). David is a Director of the Australasian Gaming Council. David holds a Bachelor of Science (Honours) and a Masters of Business Administration and he is a Member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (AICD)."
"Jörg was appointed to the Board when Access Industries acquired the Company in 2007. Jörg is responsible for the media/online and telecom businesses at Access Industries, which he joined in May 2007. He was previously a Managing Director of Providence Equity Partners. Jörg has been active in the media and communications space since 1992. He has, as an investor, been involved with several businesses dealing with sports rights (RGE Group, Digiturk), internet services (Bibit NV, Adyen, Speedera Networks) and content delivery (Casema NV, Comhem AB). Jörg’s current board positions include Tory Burch LLC, Rebate Networks GmbH, AINMT Holdings AB, RGE Group Limited, Icon UK Distribution Holdings Limited and Mendeley Research Networks. Prior board positions include Digiturk, Casema NV, Comhem AB, Bibit BV, VersaTel Telecom NV and Speedera Networks Inc."
"Adam joined Bain Capital Ventures in 2016 and primarily focuses on venture and growth-stage investments in financial technology and services. Prior to joining Bain Capital Ventures, Adam led an operations team at Uber in NYC. He was responsible for improving the quality, efficiency, and performance of the driver partner base. Before Uber, Adam was a management consultant at Bain & Company, advising clients on strategic investments and growth opportunities in the healthcare, telecom, and technology industries. Adam graduated magna cum laude from UPenn with a degree in Neurobiology. He is originally from Boston, MA, but grew up in both Munich and London. In his free time, Adam is an avid backcountry skier and also enjoys kitesurfing."
"Michael Birch is the Co-founder of Bebo and Birthday Alarm. Birch was raised in North London, England, went to Imperial College, London in Central London (where he met Xochi, his wife), then worked in West London. After finally deciding that he had done London, Michael moved to San Francisco in 2002. Michael and Xochi Birch sold Bebo to AOL in March 2008 for USD 850 million. Their combined 70% stake yielded a profit of $595 million from the deal. In June 2008, Michael invested in, and joined the board of MyStore.com along with Julian Lennon and Gordon Crawford. He is also an investor in Goodreads, a book oriented social network. Having worked in a number of not-so-exciting computer related jobs, he relished the chance to set up an Internet based family business with his wife, Xochi and brother, Paul. Remembering birthdays was never his strong point, much to his embarrassment, so what could be better than something he could use himself. Michael was responsible for developing the original Birthday Alarm website back in 2001, but is no longer involved in its development."

"Tony Perkins is a Venture Partner with DFJ Frontier. He is the creator and former editor-in-chief of Red Herring magazine and the CEO of AlwaysOn, an interactive online network for technology insiders. Perkins co-authored ""The Internet Bubble: Inside the Overvalued World of High-Tech Stocks"", a book that foretold the dot-com bust. Perkins served on President George W. Bush's Information Technology Advisory Council and he was the founding chairman of the Churchill Club in Palo Alto, California, for which he received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award.  He has been a member of the World Economic Forum's Media Leaders group since 1996. Perkins was also founder and CEO of Upside Publishing and Vice President of Business Development at Silicon Valley Bank.  Perkins continues to chronicle the technology world in a regular column for the Wall Street Journal and as television commentator for MSNBC's Hardball with Chris Matthews, CNN, CNBC, BBC, and Bloomberg Television.  Tony Perkins graduated from UC Davis with a BA in Western European History/Political Science."
"With more than 15 years of management experience, Robert Menendez has an expertise in developing business and investment platforms for long-term growth. Menendez is attuned to the complexity of the technology space, with a particular acumen for navigating the competitive landscape to make lasting changes that affect the bottom line. Prior to co-founding Vezt, Menendez co-founded crowdcasting app,SURKUS, currently valued at $30M, managed all facets of operations at Newmax Advisors, LLC, where he successfully created fiscal synergy for investors by coordinating algorithmic trading teams primarily made of programmers and developers managing account platforms. Menendez began his career at Oppenheimer & Company, and then promptly moved to CA to become Co-Founder of Tradestar Capital, Ltd., a prop trading firm and subsidiary of Assent Trading. His ability to spot high quality talent and personally stock each subdivision with high performing individuals enabled him to build each of the five branches, in five different cities, of Assent Trading into fully operational and profitable units. Following Assent Trading, Menendez was instrumental in the launch of Coastal LLC, a quantitative fund for which he raised both trading and operational capital. Menendez’s talent for easily cross-pollinating technology and funding led to a partnership at One Asia U.S."
"Keith Rabois has a unique background as an entrepreneurial executive and investor. Since 2000, he has been instrumental in driving five startups from their early stages to successful IPOs. He has provided seed capital to another ten companies that are currently valued at over $1 B, including Airbnb, Lyft, YouTube, Wish, Yammer. Since March 2013, Keith Rabois has served as a senior partner at Khosla Ventures, a technology venture capital fund founded by Vinod Khosla. He specializes in funding early-stage companies with a primary focus in consumer, financial services and health care innovation. At the same time, Keith co-founded Opendoor, a startup which transforms the painful process of selling a home into delightful and immediate experience. At KV, Rabois has led investments in a broad array of startups including, DoorDash, Stripe, Thoughtspot, Affirm, Even Financial and Piazza. Over the prior decade, he forged several of the most important new social and commerce platforms. Keith began his career in the industry as Executive Vice President of Business Development & Public Policy at PayPal [NASDAQ: PYPL, later acquired by EBAY] and subsequently served in influential roles at LinkedIn [NYSE: LNKD] and as chief operating officer of Square [NASDAQ: SQ]. As a board member, Keith guided Yelp [NYSE: YELP] and Xoom [NASDAQ: XOOM] from inception to successful initial public offerings. Earlier in his career, Keith Rabois served as a litigator at the pre-eminent Wall Street law firm of Sullivan & Cromwell, specializing in antitrust, IP and complex commercial matters. He joined the firm after clerking for the Honorable Edith H. Jones on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. After leaving the practice of law, Keith served as policy director for former Vice President Dan Quayle. Keith Rabois earned a bachelors degree Phi Beta Kappa in political science with distinction from Stanford University and a J.D. with honors from Harvard Law School."
"James Mitchell joined Tencent in 2011. He serves as the Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Executive Vice President. He is responsible for various functions, including strategic planning and implementation, investor relationships, and mergers, acquisitions and investments activity. Prior to joining Tencent, James was a managing director at Goldman Sachs in New York, leading the bank’s communication, media and entertainment research team, which anaylzed Internet, entertainment and media companies globally. James Mitchell received a degree from Oxford University and holds a Chartered Financial Analyst Certification."
"John Roberts, a co-founder of GaN Systems, has extensive experience in the semiconductor area and has been a founder/president of two Ottawa based semiconductor companies, Calmos (later Tundra) Semiconductor and SiGe Semiconductor. Previously with Siliconix Inc., GEC Semiconductor and Microsystems International, in 1976 he joined Mosaid Technologies where he developed the SRAM report service.  After founding Calmos, in 1989 John became CEO of the Strategic Microelectronic Consortium, an alliance of twenty-five Canadian companies including Nortel, PMC Sierra, IBM, Gennum Corporation, C-MAC MicroTechnology and other hybrid and semiconductor manufacturers.   In addition, John has served on numerous boards of semiconductor companies, and holds a Master’s degree awarded by Swansea University and a Bachelor’s degree from Cardiff University."
"Jason Kumpf is an international business consultant.  Kumpf helps groups such as Accounting, Legal, Finance, Global Mobility, ECommerce, Real Estate and Global Association Groups offer free value add services to enhance their value add offering to their clients.  By offering better foreign exchange rates, OFX Global Payments, can easily save small to medium sized business and global expats 1-5% instantly on their international money transfers. From Fortune 500 Companies with employees around the world that may need to send money back to their home country or pay for housing in their new country, Kumpf can offer VIP service and preferred rates to ensure the individual employees receive special service because their company's global mobility team partnered with Jason to offer their employees a great, free, value add offering. Jason Kumpf OFX Global Payments Offering Better Exchange Rates Jason.Kumpf@OFX.com"
"Bruce Rauner (Republican) was sworn in as the 42nd Governor of Illinois on Jan. 12, 2015. His goal as governor is to create a more prosperous state, where everyone has an opportunity to succeed. Bruce will remain focused on delivering value for taxpayers, creating a pro-jobs economic climate, ensuring world-class schools and educational options for every Illinoisan, and bringing term limits and greater accountability to state government. Bruce was born in Illinois and is a self-made businessman who had no inheritance or family wealth. A dedicated and diligent student, Bruce worked while he attended Dartmouth College, where he graduated with top honors. He went on to earn an M.B.A. from Harvard. Returning to Illinois in 1981, Bruce began working at then startup investment company Golder, Thoma, Cressey (later GTCR). As one of its earliest partners, Bruce helped build the firm into one of the most successful and respected businesses in Illinois. GTCR has been trusted for decades to oversee the retirement investments of first responders, teachers and other Illinois workers and has created tremendous returns for them – far surpassing the stock market’s performance – providing exceptional value for taxpayers. Bruce has reinvested much of his success into the state he loves through supporting education, the YMCA, local hospitals and community organizations. His greatest passion is education. Bruce and his wife, Diana, have devoted a tremendous amount of their personal time and resources to improving education throughout the state. Bruce has never let his success change him. He still drives a 20-year-old camper van, wears an $18 watch, and stays in the cheapest hotel room he can find when he’s on the road. He is the proud father of six children – two boys and four girls – and Diana is the love of his life. He hunts birds, hikes, loves riding his Harley, and jumps at every opportunity to fish."
"Thierry Daniel Henry is a retired French professional footballer who played as a forward. He played for Monaco, Juventus, Barcelona, New York Red Bulls and spent eight years at Arsenal where he is the club's all-time record goalscorer."
"Aprameya loves singing romantic songs and is the quintessential dreamer who doesn’t fear to experiment. He used to be the Head of Business Development for PDS at Jones Lang LaSalle India where he spent almost 3 years post his graduation from IIM Ahmedabad.  He has worked at Infosys and has an Electronics engineering degree from NITK Surthkal and if all this has made you think he’s a geek, ask his close friends and they would say otherwise!"
"Dave Bell is CEO of Actev Motors, a company focused on designing and manufacturing modular drivetrains for robots.  Dave has 40 years of high-tech development experience in Silicon Valley, beginning at HP after completing his MIT internship.  He later worked at the startup company Sydis, Bell Associates (an engineering consulting firm) and IDEO.  In 1994 Dave joined the semiconductor industry, eventually working as President of Linear Technology and CEO of Intersil. Avid car enthusiasts, Tony Fadell and Dave co-founded Actev Motors to create a high-tech kids go-kart as a stepping stone to creating modular drivetrains for the nascent robotics market"
"Roger O’Steen is based in Jacksonville, FL and serves as the Chairman and Senior Partner of The PARC Group. The Jacksonville, Florida area real estate company develops award-winning residential and master-planned communities, as well as commercial properties. O'Steen founded The PARC Group in 1989.  O'Steen oversaw the development of award-winning developments like Nocatee (18 miles southeast of Jacksonville), Hickory Village, Marsh Creek Country Club, and Crosswater at Pablo Bay. In addition to guiding PARC Group business strategy and community development, O'Steen also focuses much of his attention on philanthropic activities in the greater Jacksonville area.  The PARC Group was won the Northeast Florida Developer of the Year for 12 consecutive years as of 2018."
"Jennifer Shrader Lawrence (born August 15, 1990) is an American actress. Her Hollywood films have grossed over $5.5 billion worldwide, and she was the highest-paid actress in the world in 2015 and 2016. She appeared in Time's 100 most influential people in the world in 2013 and in the Forbes Celebrity 100 in 2014 and 2016."
"Jimmy John Liautaud is the founder, chairman and current majority owner of the Jimmy John’s Sandwich chain. Following his high school graduation, Liautaud used a $25,000 loan from his father to start what would become one of the United States’ fastest growing chains.  The first Jimmy John’s location was opened in Charleston, IL.  There are currently more than 2,700 corporate and franchise locations throughout the United States.  In addition to his professional endeavors, Liautaud is known for his philanthropic giving and community involvement. Most notably, he and his wife Leslie Liautaud have donated to causes including the Kickapoo Rail Trail, Elgin Academy and Folds of Honor.  In 2016, the Liautaud’s founded the Liautaud Family Foundation in order to increase their charitable donations and involvement.  Liautaud is also an active investor with interests in a startup airline, cosmetics, hospitality concepts including hotels, wineries, and bar and restaurant concepts, and both commercial and industrial real estate. Jimmy John Liautaud has been widely recognized for his achievements as an entrepreneur and business leader. He has received the Ernst & Young Food & Beverage Entrepreneur of the Year Award, the Lifetime Achievement Award from the National CEO Conference and the Nation's Restaurant News (NRN) Golden Chain Award. Jimmy John’s has also received several prestigious awards as a company under Liautaud’s leadership. Most notably, the sandwich chain was named No. 1 on the Entrepreneur 2016 Franchise 500 list and has been awarded Best Delivery and Best Sandwich by numerous publications nationwide."
Nick Evans has been Advisor of Tile Inc since January 2015. Nick Evans Co-Founded Tile Inc and served as its Chief Executive Officer.
"Ronald Cohen is Chairman of the Global Social Impact Investment Steering Group and The Portland Trust.  He is a co-founder director of Social Finance UK (2007-11), Social Finance USA, and Social Finance Israel, and of Big Society Capital. He was co-founder Chair of Bridges Ventures (2002-2012). He chaired the Social Impact Investment Taskforce established under the UK’s presidency of the G8 (2013-2015), the Social Investment Task Force (2000-2010) and the Commission on Unclaimed Assets (2005-2007). In 2012 he received the Rockefeller Innovation Award for innovation in social finance. He co-founded and was Executive Chairman of Apax Partners Worldwide LLP (1972-2005). He was a founder director and Chairman of the British Venture Capital Association and a founder director of the European Venture Capital Association. He is a graduate of Oxford University, where he was President of the Oxford Union. He is an Honorary Fellow of Exeter College, Oxford.  He has an MBA from Harvard Business School to which he was awarded a Henry Fellowship. He is a member of the Board of Dean’s Advisors at Harvard Business School and Vice-Chairman of Ben Gurion University.  He is a former director of the Harvard Management Company and the University of Oxford Investment Committee. He is a former member of the Harvard University Board of Overseers (2007-2013), former Trustee of the British Museum (2005-2012) and a former trustee of the International Institute for Strategic Studies (2005-2011). In 2007, Sir Ronald published: “The Second Bounce of the Ball – Turning Risk into Opportunity”."
"David Drake is the Chairman of LDJ Capital, a multi-family office; Victoria Partners, a 300 family office network based in London; LDJ Real Estate Group and  Drake Hospitality Group; and The Soho Loft Media Group with divisions Victoria Global Communications, Times Impact Publications, and The Soho Loft Conferences. Mr. Drake has been involved in TMT (technology, media, telecoms), realty, hospitality, clean tech, energy and social impact investments for more than 20 years. He is an advocate of innovative investing in early-stage equity, capital formation policies and developments globally, and the US JOBS Act which he lobbied for in the US Congress and the EU Commission. Because of his leading work in this space, he represented the US Commerce Department at the EU Commission in Brussels and Rome in 2012 and was invited to the White House Champions of Change ceremony in Washington, D.C. and as a speaker at the UK Parliament in 2013. His investment, The Soho Loft Media Group, produces and sponsors over 200 global conferences  annually and his articles are syndicated in over 100 publications.  One such event was April 2013 for the institutional media leader Thomson Reuters, with speakers from Nasdaq, NYSE, KKR and Carlyle Group. He advances financial innovation through his work as an international speaker and writer. He has spoken  in top universities like Cambridge, NYU, Cornell, Columbia,  and writes regularly for major publications like WSJ, Forbes, Huffington Post, Thomson Reuters. He is the co-author of the books Planet Entrepreneur and  Crowdfunding and Other Animals and  is the author of the upcoming books The Crowdfunding Economy and LIFEE: Life Instructions for Entrepreneurs and Executives.   Previously, Mr. Drake has acted as general partner in fund-of-funds, realty funds, venture capital funds, seed funds and hedge funds.  Mr. Drake’s holdings have  media partnership with the European Business Angel Network, European Venture Philanthropy Association and Angel Capital Association of North America.  He sits on 4 angel networks and has co-founded two angel networks.   His focus today is to take on board advisory positions at companies, angel networks and venture funds, and to guide them on international regulations, corporate strategy and fund structures, with emphasis on the growing trend of online investment automation for retail and angel investors.   Privately, Mr. Drake has hosted the Harvard Business Club of NY at his home, produced Carnegie Hall concerts and raised funds for the charities Trail Blazers and Best Buddies for many years. Today he is a board director for the New York City Opera Renaissance, London-based UBS Charity of the Year ARCHIVE Global, and a board advisor for The Washington Ballet. He is a board director also of the Carnegie Hall Einhorn Oratorio Project in honor of the Ukraine MH17 flight victims which allows him to work and advise US Ambassadors from, but not limited to, Dominica, Ukraine,  Marshall Islands, Australia, Canada and Sweden. Born in Sweden and fluent in six languages, Mr. Drake has an MBA in Finance and an MA in International Law and Economics from George Washington University, where he was awarded the Wallenberg Scholarship for academic merit."
"Marc Randolph founded Netflix in 1997, serving as the online movie service's  founding CEO, as the executive producer of it's web site, and as a member of it's board of directors until 2004.  Since leaving Netflix he has been an active investor, executive mentor and consultant for numerous early stage tech companies. Prior to founding Netflix, Marc was a co-founder of numerous other tech start-ups, including IntegrityQA, Visioneer, Microwarehouse, and MacUser Magazine. He currently sits on the boards of Rafter, ReadyForce, Getable, Looker and the National Outdoor Leadership School (NOLS); as well as on numerous advisory boards."
"Zohar Zisapel has a rich entrepreneurship and management background in the hi-tech industry. Since co-founding RAD group together with his brother, Zohar has served as CEO of RAD Data Communications, chairman of Ceragon Networks Ltd. and RADCOM Ltd., Director of Silicom Ltd. as well as on the Board of Directors of several privately-held companies. Prior to founding RAD Group, Zohar served as head of the Electronic Research Department of the Ministry of Defense in Tel Aviv and received the Israel Defense Prize in 1979. Zohar received a B.Sc. and an M.Sc. in electrical engineering from Israel Institute of Technology (“Technion”) and an M.B.A. from Tel Aviv University."

"Dror Tamir is serial food and nutrition entrepreneur with one exit under his belt. His passion is improving the health of children and families through better nutrition. Dror is an 11 times international awards winning entrepreneur: Austrian RWA Agro Innovation Lab competition at Vienna, Austria on August 2016, Alltech Pearse Lyons Accelerator at Dublin, Ireland, Innovation for Humanity Competition at Samurai House Tel Aviv, Israel, Get in the Ring Global, Get in the Ring Israel, TLV Startup Challenge, Green Impact Summit by IDC, Food Vision USA 2017 Trailblazers, 1776 Challenge Cup Israel, WeWork The Creator Award Tel Aviv, Tnuva Next Innovative move 2018 and has been nominated a shortlisted finalist at several international competitions held by Google, Unilever Foundry, World Bank, The Financial Times, EY The Journey, Future Agro Challenge 2018, DLD Tel Aviv 2017 and Red Herring. Dror has held varied positions within several Israeli and international companies over the last 25 years, after a career at the Israeli Navy Budget Department.  Dror is a member of Israel’s Manufacturers Association’s Next Generation management team and a board member of The Association of Building Materials and Consumer Goods Industries.P"
"Abigail Pierrepont ""Abby"" Johnson is an American businesswoman. Since 2014, Johnson is president and chief executive officer of US investment firm Fidelity Investments , and chairwoman of its international sister company Fidelity International . Fidelity was founded by her grandfather Edward C. Johnson II. Her father Edward C. ""Ned"" Johnson III remains chairman emeritus of FMR. As of March 2013, the Johnson family owned a 49% stake in the company."
Previously founder & CEO at KelDoc. Currently angel investor in early-stage startups
"Joe is co-founder and CEO of Permutive, the only publisher-first Data Management Platform (DMP) that allows publishers to see 100% of their audience and target them in real-time. Y Combinator and EQT backed, Permutive counts Conde Nast, Immediate Media, Hubert Burda, IDG, Dennis and ESI Media among its growing list of clients. Following a BEng Computing at Imperial College and MSc Computer Sciences at Oxford, Joe chose to drop out of a PhD in Mathematical Genomics at Cambridge to start Permutive."
"Akio Toyoda was born on May 3, 1956. He graduated from Keio University with a degree in law in April 1979, and then from Babson College in the United States, with a master's degree in business administration in 1982. He joined Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) in April 1984. Akio Toyoda's career has included postings in every phase of automotive operations, including production, marketing and product development, both in Japan and internationally. Outside Japan, he served as an executive vice president and board member at New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc. (NUMMI), Toyota's production joint venture with General Motors in California, starting in April 1998. In January 2000, he returned to Japan and was named to TMC's Board of Directors in June of that year. In that capacity, he took on the creation and supervision of gazoo.com, a website that contains dozens of virtual shops for consumer goods and services and also provides information about new and used vehicles. Also during this time, he supervised domestic marketing operations, operations in the Americas, and production management consulting. In June 2001, Akio Toyoda became the chief officer of the Asia & China Operations Center, and then in June 2002, he assumed the position of managing director. In June 2003, Akio Toyoda was made a senior managing director (this title was changed to senior managing officer as of June 2011), and, in January 2005, he became chief officer of both the China Operations Group and the Asia, Oceania & Middle East Operations Group. In June 2005, he became an executive vice president and a representative director, where he was responsible for IT & ITS, quality, product management, purchasing, Japan and overseas sales, and overseas operations. In June 2009, Akio Toyoda became president of TMC."
"Justin Kaufenberg is a Partner at Rally Ventures where he invests in early stage enterprise technology companies. Prior to Rally, he was Chief Executive Officer at SportsEngine, which he co-founded in 2008. Justin was responsible for setting the overall direction and product strategy for the company, as well as new growth initiatives. SportsEngine was acquired by Comcast/NBCUniversal in 2016. Justin holds a degree in economics from University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire, where he also served as a captain of the Varsity Hockey Team."
"Since 1995, Richard Muirhead has been involved in starting, funding, building and finding long-term homes for innovative software and internet businesses. He is currently Chairman of Tixdaq (www.tixdaq.com) and investor/advisor to T5M (www.t5m.com). From October 2002 to 2009, he was Chairman, CEO and Founder of [Tideway Systems] (http://www.crunchbase.com/organization/tideway) which with its IT discovery platform tackled the persistent and fundamental challenge of managing change in distributed applications. Tideway's hundreds of clients included JPMorganChase, Avis, CarphoneWarehouse, Wachovia and BT. Tideway was acquired for cash by BMC Software in October 2009 and its product Foundation is a key strategic platform for BMC going forward. Between 2001 and 2002, Richard was Entrepreneur-In-Residence at Accel Partners at the inception of their London office. From 1995 to 2001, he was a co-founder SVP of Orchestream. Listing on LSE and NASDAQ, with a peak market capitalization that reached Â£1.0 billion. Now sold and supported by Oracle, Orchestream's IP service activation software products are automating operations at service providers such as AT&T, Telstra and Vodafone to this day. Richard was a Technology Pioneer at the World Economic Forum for 2009, a finalist in the UK Technology Innovation & Growth Entrepreneur of the Year Award for 2006 and runner-up in the British Computing Society's Intel IT Leader of the Year Award for 2008. Richard holds an MA in Engineering from Cambridge University and is a citizen of both Australia and the United Kingdom."
"Nick Desai is a serial tech entrepreneur leading vision, strategy, recruiting, and fundraising for Heal. He's raised over $47 million in venture capital for his four start-ups since 1998. Most recently, Nick was CEO of FitOrbit – the leader in internet-based weight loss coaching solutions funded by Spark Capital and health insurance giant Anthem Blue Cross. Nick holds a BS in Electrical and Computer Engineering from UC Irvine and an MS in Electrical Engineering from UCLA. He lives in the Pacific Palisades with his wife and one year old son - who is his pride and joy."
"Virat Kohli is the captain of the Indian cricket team. He is considered to be among the best batsmen in the present era, he also doubles up as an occasional right-arm medium pace bowler. He is known for his dependable and powerful batting style and has single-handedly won several matches for India."
"Jeremy Johnson is the CEO and Co-Founder of Andela, a company that builds high-performing, distributed engineering teams with Africa’s most talented software developers. Founded on the premise that brilliance is evenly distributed, Andela is solving the global technical talent shortage while catalyzing the growth of tech ecosystems on the African continent. Prior to founding Andela, Jeremy co-founded 2U, one of the fastest growing education technology startups to date. 2U went public in 2014 (NASDAQ:TWOU) and continues to transform higher education by delivering the world’s best online degree programs with top tier universities. Jeremy is recognized broadly for his work as an education innovator. He has spoken on education and entrepreneurship at meetings hosted by the White House and Congress. His speaking appearances include conferences and college campuses around the world as well as media outlets like NBC, ABC, FOX, and CNBC. Jeremy was named “30 Under 30” by Inc. Magazine in 2012 and Forbes in 2013 and 2014. Outside of Andela, Jeremy serves on the board of the Young Entrepreneur Council and the education non-profit PENCIL and co-authored a book for the World Economic Forum: ‘Education & Skills 2.0: New Targets & Innovative Approaches.’"
"Devon is the Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Rosemont Capital, LLC (Heinz Family Office). Devon is a member of the investment committee of Rosemont Solebury Capital Management. Devon is also the executive director of Rosemont Reality as well as a General Partner in Rosemont Seneca Partners. Devon has prior experience at Citibank and New England Financial.  Devon received his B.A. in History at Yale University."
One of the UK's leading tech angel investors. Active seed and pre-seed stage angel investor in UK based disruptive tech. Prefers businesses venturing into pastures new and keen investing at the pre product stage whether BtoC or B2B. Twice exited UK based tech entrepreneur with experience operating tech businesses in 20 countries in multiple languages. Co-founded Gumtree with Simon Crookall which was acquired by Ebay and Slando acquired by Naspers.
"Jason Wilk is a 4X founder. He is currently CEO of Dave.com, a financial technology company. Backed by leading investors SV Angel, Mark Cuban, Jonathan Kraft, The Chernin Group and others.  He formerly was co-founder and CEO of AllScreen.TV, a technology platform that enabled large media outlets to syndicate their digital content to over 500 publishers. Clients included Vice, Time, CondeNast, AOL, Yahoo and many more. Backed by investors: Mark Cuban, Jonathan Kraft, Skip Paul and Y Combinator. AllScreen was #29 on INC 5000 fastest growing companies list for 2015 as well as 2016 and was acquired in August, 2015 Source: http://venturebeat.com/2015/08/13/zealot-networks-acquires-yc-backed-allscreen-in-deal-worth-85m/   Past:  Co-founder of WriteyBoards. The leading dry erase board and furniture solution for startup companies and small businesses internationally. Backed by Mark Cuban and currently servicing 20,000 business customers.  Founder of 1DaySports.com. Started in 2006 as one of the early pioneers in the daily deal space. Acquired in 2008.  Active Angel Investor: SnapChat, MetroMile, Eatsa, Air Media, Dave.com and more."
"Ali is a visionary and well-known speaker in the Dutch media. Born in Canada but from Iranian descent, he eventually settled down in the Netherlands. At 16 years old, he set up his first company. In his early twenties he founded TransIP, which grew to be the biggest domain name and web hosting provider of the Netherlands. As the CEO of bunq, he is realizing his dream to change the traditional banking system. A change that was deemed impossible not too long ago.   Bunq is an IT company operating under a full Dutch banking license since November 2015 and is thought leader in developing new ways of banking. It’s built from scratch in Amsterdam by a talented team of only 80 people from all over the world, with an average age of 27. bunq commits itself to a fundamentally different approach to banking by simplifying every moment that people use their money, wherever they are, while at the same time making it a special experience. All you need is the app on your phone. Customer satisfaction and customer loyalty are top priorities. Besides the awesome product and the distinctive service, bunq believes in doing business fairly. They do not do any risky investments nor do they invest in shady businesses. At bunq everyone is convinced that a profit maximization strategy that traditional banks use does not contribute to a healthy financial system. bunq, bank of the free for those who like to be independent."
"Ryan Walsh is a Partner at Floodgate. He leads early stage investments in technology companies. A student of great products and how they impact culture, his focus areas include marketplaces, subscription businesses, and products that include unique network effects and social psychology. Prior to Floodgate, Ryan directed product management for media at Apple, including Apple Music and the iTunes stores for movies, music, and television. He joined Apple as part of the Beats by Dre acquisition, where he was Vice President of Product, managing design, product development, analytics, and growth. Prior to working with Beats, Ryan spent 15 years starting ventures, building businesses or helping others do the same. He respects the process of creating something out of nothing, and believes that technology can be our vehicle to turn science into art, and vice versa. Ryan actively performs improvisational theater and is a noted storyteller. He has produced and deejayed electronic music for over 15 years, under an alias."
Tom McInerney advises and invests in early stage Internet companies. 
"Guy Oseary has spent his career at the intersection of entertainment and technology. He began in his teens at what was to become Maverick Records, and eventually became chairman and partner. He guided the label to sales of over 100 million units globally. Since 2004, Oseary has been a principal at the top entertainment management company, Untitled Entertainment, which clients include Emma Watson, Penelope Cruz, and Lucy Liu and many others. In 2014 Oseary led a partnership that created the largest music management company in the world - MAVERICK. While Oseary personally manages Madonna and U2, the company’s combined 50+ clients include Paul McCartney, Shania Twain, Miley Cyrus, Britney Spears, Nicki Minaj and The Weeknd, and reach over 1 billion people each month. Alongside his Sound Ventures partner Ashton Kutcher, Oseary has made over 200 investments in companies like Airbnb, Spotify, Uber, Houzz, Robinhood & Neighborly."
"Stephen is the host, writer and executive producer of the Emmy and Peabody Award-winning series ""The Colbert Report"" on Comedy Central as well as an accomplished author and actor. Recently, he starred as Harry in the New York Philharmonic presentation of Stephen Sondheim's ""Company"" along with Jon Cryer, Neil Patrick Harris, Christina Hendricks, Patti LuPone and Martha Plimpton, among others. ""The Colbert Report"" launched on October 17, 2005 and has received a prestigious Peabody Award for Excellence in Broadcasting in 2008 and 18 Primetime Emmy nominations. In 2010, Stephen and his writing team won the show's second Emmy for Outstanding Writing for a Variety, Music or Comedy Program. ""The Colbert Report"" deployed to Iraq in June 2009 on a USO tour entitled ""Operation Iraqi Stephen: Going Commando"" to tape and perform shows in front of the troops. ""The Colbert Report"" is the first TV show in USO history to produce a week of shows in a combat zone. Stephen's book, I AM AMERICA (And So Can You!), spent 29 weeks on The New York Times Bestseller's List; debuting and occupying the #1 spot for 13 weeks. The Colbert Report opened 2010 updated for high-definition broadcast and sporting a brand-new set. Iconic items from the original set, including Stephen's ""C"" desk, interview table and portrait, were auctioned off to benefit the American Red Cross' Haiti Relief and Development effort. Born and raised near Charleston, South Carolina, Stephen graduated from Northwestern University and quickly made a name for himself as a member of Chicago's famed Second City improv troupe where he met Amy Sedaris and Paul Dinello. The threesome moved to New York City where they created and starred in ""Exit 57,"" a half-hour sketch comedy series which ran for three seasons on Comedy Central. ""Exit 57"" received five CableACE nominations for Best Writing, Performing and Comedy Series. Stephen reunited with Sedaris and Dinello to create Comedy Central's first-ever live-action narrative series, the cult hit ""Strangers with Candy."" Colbert's other on-camera appearances include shows such as HBO's ""Curb Your Enthusiasm"" and NBC's Law and Order: Criminal Intent."" He was a cast member and writer on ABC's ""The Dana Carvey Show,"" wrote for ""Saturday Night Live"" and was the voice of Ace on the ""SNL"" animated series ""The Ambiguously Gay Duo."" He was also the voice of the President of the United States in Dreamworks animated film, ""Monsters Vs. Aliens."""
"Chantal ""Taly"" Russell founded SilverChair Partners, a senior recruitment agency that places the highest caliber professionals in support roles for leaders in finance, media, technology, advertising, real estate, management consulting and retail. Chantal Taly Russell has worked hard over the course of her search and recruitment career. Her passion and personality along with her industry knowledge lead her to begin her own company. She hopes to serve the needs of the industry by offering an exceptional service to all of her high end clients.  While Taly Russell is a longtime industry expert who has personally placed over 1,750 people in their support and HR roles, it's her cross-industry competence that has allowed her to thrive as an entrepreneur as well, building up SCP as a highly sought-after firm for  professionals in NYC as well as San Francisco, Los Angeles and globally (London based). Before founding SCP, Chantal ""Taly"" Russell even spent time as a casting director in New York and Los Angeles. Her knack for fitting personalities and skills into the right roles has not only given her business a stellar reputation, but has allowed her clients to have success in their positions as well. The competitive nature of the TV, Film, and Movie industry is so similar to the highly competitive drive in the New York City job market, so this industry change was a seamless one for Taly.  Taly Russell believes it's extremely important to have a positive impact on the community around her. She has served as a public figure for women and young professionals for many years through her work in nonprofits and as the CEO and founder of SilverChair Partners. In 2014, Taly Russell had the honor of being selected as a judge for the Miss USA competition, where she was able to aid in the crowning of a new female role model for the country to support.  Taly was born in Zurich, Switzerland and grew up in New York City. She is highly active in a variety of nonprofit organizations, such as The Lung Cancer Research Foundation, the Green Schools Alliance, ASPCA, Charity Water, and Stop Poaching Now."

Nikolay Storonsky is the Founder and CEO at Revolut. He is a former Equity Derivatives Trader at Credit Suisse and Lehman Brothers. Storonsky graduated from Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (State University) (MIPT) with a master of science in General and Applied Physics and earned a master of arts in Applied Economics and Finance at New Economic School.
"Maha spots technology trends early and partners closely with her companies to drive growth and exits. Since 2000, she has invested in a range of companies with current focus areas in consumer technology, enterprise/cloud and marketplaces. A champion and mentor of women in STEM, Maha is passionate about funding and raising the profiles of female founders and entrepreneurs and is a founding member of All Raise. Maha was one of the first investors to recognize the potential of social gaming. She led Canaan’s seed investment in Kabam, the world’s largest developer of multiplayer social games, which was acquired by Netmarble and today is an investor and board member of GenG, a global esports organization. She is also known for her investments in e-commerce companies The RealReal (REAL) and Cuyana, on whose boards she serves. Maha also focuses on investments in data infrastructure and storage with recent investments in Unifi, Komprise and Agile Stacks. Her previous investments include Metacloud (acquired by Cisco), Virsto (acquired by VMware), and SenSage (acquired by KEYW Corporation).   Maha is a trustee at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and a frequent lecturer at UC Berkeley’s Haas School of Business and Stanford’s Graduate School of Business. She holds a B.A. in Economics and an M.A. in Sociology from Stanford University and a Ph.D. in Economics from MIT."
"Richard Lim focuses on investments in the Internet, mobile, and green technology sectors. Of particular interest to him currently are online advertising technology, interactive entertainment (particularly mobile), and solar opportunities. In the Internet sector, Richard serves on the boards of AdChina, Admaster, Aspect Gaming, Baihe, Baixing, Lashou, LightInTheBox(NYSE: LITB), and Qunar. In the green technology sector, he is on the boards of Seeo and Sierra Solar Power. Prior to GSR, Richard was involved in founding three venture-backed companies (Co-nect, iMarket, and Quickdot) in the United States. He was also an executive at Lotus Development Corporation and the National University Hospital of Singapore. Richard grew up in Singapore. He earned a bachelor’s degree from National University of Singapore and an MBA from Stanford University (Arjay Miller Scholar). Richard is a charter member of the Asia America MultiTechnology Association (AAMA)."
"Robbie Cabral is the CEO & Founder of BenjiLock, the world's first traditional rechargeable padlock with fingerprint technology with the purpose to redefine the personal security experience using hybrid technology with the consumer in mind."
"Dr. Kenneth Hughes is a board-certified plastic surgeon based in Los Angeles, California. He is also the medical director of Hughes Plastic Surgery, where he combines his unique talent, seasoned experience, and top-tier training to offer the highest standards in plastic surgery to all of his patients throughout the Beverly Hills and Los Angeles areas. Dr. Kenneth Hughes or Dr. Kenneth Benjamin Hughes or Dr. Kenneth B. Hughes attended Harvard University where he studied Biology, graduating cum laude. During his tenure as a student at the University, Dr. Hughes distinguished himself by receiving the Harvard College Merit Scholarship all four years of his education, 1995 – 1999. He also distinguished himself as a student-athlete as a four-year varsity Letterman in Track and Field. Following his undergraduate studies, Dr. Hughes attended the University of Alabama School of Medicine where he graduated with honors and AOA with his Doctorate of Medicine in 2004 and scored in the top 1% of the US on the national board exams. From 2004 to 2010, Dr. Kenneth Hughes completed general and plastic surgery integrated residency at the University of Kansas Medical Center. He was then selected to the year-long Harvard Cosmetic Plastic Surgery Fellowship. In addition to the fellowship training, Dr. Hughes served as a Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery clinical instructor at Harvard Medical School.   Dr. Kenneth Hughes performs liposuction, gynecomastia, minimally invasive surgery, scarless and minimal scar surgery, facial fat transfer, rhinoplasty, cosmetic and aesthetic surgery, facelift, Abdominoplasty, Lower body lift, Mastopexy, Fat transfer breast augmentation, Breast lift, Crescent breast lift, Periareolar breast lift, Lollipop breast lift, Inverted T breast lift, Laser liposuction, Buttock lift, Buttock implant placement, Aesthetic medicine, Breast Implants, Mommy makeover, Tummy Tuck, male breast reduction, Brazilian Butt Lift, BBL, bodylift, bodytite and facetite, liposuction revision, dead fat removal, fat necrosis removal, silicone removal, biopolymer removal, PMMA removal, hydrogel removal, fat death or dead fat removal and reconstruction, fat grafting and reconstruction, fat transfer for calf augmentation, and monsplasty or pubic lift among others.   Dr. Kenneth Hughes also educates plastic surgery patients and the public about plastic surgery complications including fluid collection or seroma, fat death or necrosis, flap death or flap necrosis, pulmonary fat emboli and risk reduction with the Brazilian buttlift or BBL.  Dr Hughes developed his new fat transfer technique over 4 years ago to reduce the risk of pulmonary fat emboli and patient death in the Brazilian buttlift. Each year Dr. Kenneth Hughes performs on average more than 1,500 procedures and continues to distinguish himself as one of the very best in plastic surgery realm. Beyond his career as a plastic surgeon, Dr. Hughes has been integrating fitness, exercise, and nutrition into his daily life for more than 30 years. He built his own gym in which he incorporates weightlifting, cardio, and stretching exercises, and he is informed about what he puts into his body for fuel.  To read more about Dr. Kenneth Hughes, visit his website at https://drkennethhughes.net/"
"Josh Luber is the co-founder and CEO of StockX, the world’s first “stock market of things”.  StockX is an online marketplace, initially focused on sneakers, which connects buyers and sellers using the same method as the world’s stock markets – an anonymous, transparent and authentic ‘bid/ask’ market.  Before StockX, Josh founded Campless while working as an IBM consultant. Campless, which evolved into StockX, was a “sneakerhead data” company that tracked the secondary market for sneaker sales, a $6 billion global industry. Josh, with StockX and Campless, has been featured in The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, London Financial Times, ESPN and The Daily Show, among others.  He delivered the world’s first TED Talk about the resell sneaker industry. Josh has collected sneakers for over 30 years. Prior to IBM, Josh founded and operated three startups after a brief stint as a bankruptcy attorney and earning his JD/MBA degree at Emory University in Atlanta."
"Kyle Dennis is a professional trader and founder of Biotech Breakouts. Kyle entered trading professionally full-time after discovering his talent for it. He became interested in trading while working in real estate and juggling nearly $80,000 in student loans debt after graduating from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). After completing extensive research on trading, Kyle decided to explore the possibility of trading, and determined how to achieve this.  After going full-time in 2012, Kyle Dennis connected with well-known options trader, Jason Bond. They worked together closely to help Kyle prepare for trading, where he began to excel. He went on to become the first student from Jason Bond’s training program to hit $1 million in trading profit. Following his success in Millionaire Roadmap, Kyle continued trading, where he saw consistent success. He considers himself to be very fortunate to have an opportunity to work with Jason Bond and professional trader and RagingBull.com Founder, Jeff Bishop.  After completing his time with Millionaire Roadmap, Kyle Dennis decided to open his own program that helps other people learn how to be successful in trading. He created his company, Biotech Breakouts, which provide educational and training programs for individuals that are interested in trading. His specialty areas include biotechnology, finance, and technical charting. Beyond Biotech Breakouts, Kyle continues to work as a professional trader through Raging Bull Trading, which was co-founded by Jeff Bishop and Jason Bond. In 2019, Raging Bull Trading was named as one of the fastest-growing privately held companies in America on the Inc. 5000 List. In 2018, Kyle Dennis published his book, called ""Middle-Class Millionaire: From $80k in Debt to $3m in Profits Through Catalyst Trading,"" which explores his journey in trading in further detail, before providing his own advice on how to find success in trading. For those who want to find the same success as Kyle should start out by reading his book, to determine the best approach for your goals. Outside of trading, Kyle Dennis enjoys traveling and trying new cuisine from around the world."
Harrison Ford is Vice Chairman at Conservation International.
"Steven A. Cohen is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Point72 Asset Management, L.P. He founded S.A.C. Capital Advisors, L.P. in 1992 and converted his investment operations to the Point72 Asset Management family office in 2014. Mr. Cohen previously headed his own trading division at Gruntal & Co. where he managed proprietary capital for 14 years.  Mr. Cohen received his BS in Economics from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. He is the Co-Founder of the Steven & Alexandra Cohen Foundation, which is committed to achieving lasting and meaningful change through commitments to children’s health, education, veterans, and the arts. Mr. Cohen also serves on the Board of Trustees at the Museum of Contemporary Art (MOCA) in Los Angeles and the Emeritus Board of the Robin Hood Foundation."
"Matt Mickiewicz is an internet entrepreneur best known as the co-founder of SitePoint. Mickiewicz also co-founded the web companies Flippa, 99designs and Hired. Born in Kraków, Poland, lived in Hameln -Germany and currently residing in Vancouver, Canada, Mickiewicz created his first website at the age of 14 called Webmaster-Resources.com, which later became SitePoint. At 16, Mickiewicz traveled to Melbourne with his mother and met his soon to be business partner and co-founder, Mark Harbottle. At 16, Mickiewicz found himself closing $10,000 advertising deals between classes at high school. Mickiewicz barely finished high school and did not attend college. In 2008, Mickiewicz spun off 99designs from SitePoint, which went on to raise $35 million in capital from Accel Ventures, Michael Dearing / Harrison Metal, Dave Goldberg (SurveyMonkey), Anthony Casalena, and Stewart Butterfield (Flickr). In June, 2009 Mickiewicz and Harbottle launched Flippa.com, the largest marketplace for buying and selling websites in the world. In the fall of 2012, Mickiewicz co-founded DeveloperAuction.com which raised $2.7 million  was later renamed as  Hired. The company later raised a $15 million Series-A round in March 2014. By December 2014, Hired was reportedly valued at $200m and had raised an additional $15m in capital in its Series B round. Mickiewicz was named a 30 Under 30 Entrepreneur by Forbes and INC in 2011, a Smart Company 30 under 30 in 2012, and frequently speaks at conferences and seminars world-wide."
"An accomplished venture investor, company advisor, and entrepreneur, Chris manages a portfolio of over seventy consumer web, mobile, and wireless technology start-ups as well as an array of mature enterprises through his holding company, Lowercase Capital. He is partnered in this venture with his wife, Crystal English Sacca. While primarily known for its investments in seed and early stage technology companies like Twitter, Uber, Instagram, and Kickstarter, Lowercase has quietly grown to be one of the larger venture funds in the United States."
Jim is the former CEO of Fannie Mae and is the longest serving member of the Board of Directors of Goldman Sachs. He also served as Chairman of the Board of the Brookings Institution and as Chairman of the Board of the Kennedy Center.
"Jeff Hoffman is a successful entrepreneur, proven CEO, worldwide motivational speaker, published author, Hollywood film producer, and a producer of a Grammy winning jazz album.  In his career, he has been the founder of multiple startups, he has been the CEO of both public and private companies, and he has served as a senior executive in many capacities.   Jeff has been part of a number of well-known companies, including Priceline.com. uBid.com, CTI, ColorJar, and more."
"Josh Gordon works as a developer advocate on TensorFlow at Google. He’s passionate about machine learning and computer science education. In his free time, Josh loves biking, running, and exploring the great outdoors."
"After graduating from Gonzaga University as a competitive scholar athlete, David began his career at Advertising.com, a leading AdTech firm providing behaviorally-targeted digital media solutions for global agencies and advertisers. Advertising.com became the #1 global ranked ad network and was acquired by AOL for $435M, forming Platform A (now Oath).  Seeking challenge, David joined #16 ranked ad network Adconion Media Group, and helped establish Adconion Direct as a leader in true cross-channel digital advertising. In 2014, Adconion Direct was acquired for $235M by Amobee, a subsidiary of SingTel, Asia’s leading telecommunications group with over 700 million subscribers across 25 countries. David collaborated with leading global brands and agencies on over $100M+ in digital advertising spend for custom tailored behaviorally and contextually targeted cross-channel/cross-device media solutions. These digital strategies utilized first/third party data and were distributed across video, display, social, mobile and e-mail channels, with a focus on driving brand awareness, prospecting and DR performance. Seeking challenge and growth, David raised $1.5M and built Grassp, a regulatory communications and logistics technology company utilizing AdTech DSP/DMP principles, for the safe and transparent delivery of premium cannabis in California and Arizona. Grassp partnered with the UC Institute for Prediction Technology at UCLA to research and identify new ways to improve public health and safety from scientific data, focusing on true Medical needs Patients, such as those battling cancer, disabilities/immobility, Dementia/Alzheimer’s and Veterans with PTSD. Grassp launched with the first licensed dispensary and cultivator in San Diego County, and ahead of 2018 announced a joint partnership with a leading licensed dispensary group in California. In Arizona, Grassp launched with ZonaCare, a top-tier licensed operator, fully compliant with AZDHS regulations. MBTI - ENTJ Arete"
"Xi Jinping holds all three offices required to be China's paramount leader, and after two years in office has become what some have called the most powerful Chinese ruler since Mao Zedong. In October he took the additional title as chief of the world's largest economy, valued at $17.6 trillion. Xi was quick to see the benefits of privatization-friendly reforms and further signs of fresh thinking are everywhere. He has a surprisingly assertive public profile, even allowing the state media to publish a day-in-the-life account of his workday. Xi has fought harder than his predecessors against corruption and in favor of greater economic and security alliances. This year he met with the leaders of the U.S., South Korea, India and Russia, among others."
"Matt Murray is the Deputy Editor in Chief of The Wall Street Journal at Dow Jones & Co. Prior to his appointment as deputy editor in chief of The Wall Street Journal in 2013, Matt Murray had been a deputy managing editor since 2008.  Murray joined Dow Jones & Company in 1994 as a reporter for the Pittsburgh bureau. In 1997, he joined the Journal’s Money & Investing section, where he covered banking. Matt covered General Electric as a senior special writer for the management group beat from 1999 until 2001, later becoming deputy editor of the management group.  Matt joined the news desk in 2004, and later served as a deputy national editor and national news editor. In 2008, he was named deputy managing editor for national news, overseeing the Journal’s U.S bureaus and U.S. and corporate coverage. In 2011, Matt became deputy managing editor for foreign news and Money & Investing, overseeing the foreign and finance coverage for the paper.  Murray is the author of The Father and the Son and the co-author, with former New York City fire commissioner Thomas Von Essen, of Strong of Heart.  Matt holds bachelor’s and master’s degrees in journalism from Northwestern University."
"James Earl Carter Jr. is an American politician who served as the 39th President of the United States from 1977 to 1981. A member of the Democratic Party, he served as the Governor of Georgia prior to his election as president."
"Joseph Cianciotto, has most recently served as executive creative director at Translation, where oversees all things content-related within the agency. Prior, he was the executive creative director and chief digital officer of DDB NY. Previously he was vice president and creative director of interactive at D’Arcy Worldwide. He has worked with several major Fortune 500 brands and won almost all major awards in the ad industry throughout his career. Mr. Cianciotto obtained his degree in Visual Communications from Carnegie Mellon. Currently, he resides in Long Island, NY with his wife Jen and daughters Hannah and Sophie."
"Jim Robinson is a Founder and Managing Partner at RRE Ventures. He has been active within the technology community for 30 years as an investor, entrepreneur, banker, and futurist. Since becoming a venture capitalist in 1992, Jim has led investments in and served on the boards of more than forty companies, with a focus on the internet, data analysis, and financial services. He often invests in companies that leverage network effects or crowd-intelligence. Jim is currently a Director of Netsertive, Noom, OLO.com, OpenPeak and Quirky, and a board observer at Bitpay. He also advises several seed companies, including Admittedly, Culinary Agents, Gem, itBit, TheSkimm, and Vaurum. Jim has been recognized on the Forbes Midas List Top 100 VC's. Prior investments include Broadsoft (BSFT), GoldPocket/Wireless (Tandberg/Motricity), iCrossing (Hearst), Metapath (Marconi), Mixed Signals (Tektronix), Orchestria (Computer Associates), Red Brick (REDB), RevolutionMoney (American Express), Rubric (Broadbase), SmartPay (Ping An), SmarterKids (SKDS), Telocity (Hughes), Vastera (VAST), Vocera (VCRA), WeddingChannel (TheKnot.com), and Wisdomtree (WETF). Jim was previously with H&Q Venture Capital in San Francisco, focused on software and communications. In 1994, along with Stuart Ellman, he co-founded InterVideo Response, building in-stadium touchscreen ordering systems. Before that Jim was with JP Morgan, initially developing global risk-management systems, and later as an investment banker. Jim earned an MBA from Harvard in 1992. While earning a double degree in Computer Science and Business Administration at Antioch College during the early 1980's, Jim worked as an engineering intern in the solar power division at General Electric; as a programmer for Illinois state government; and later as an analyst for the 1984 Reagan-Bush Campaign in Washington, DC. During his third year in college he founded IV Systems, a builder of unix-based applications on Fortune Systems workstations. He also spent six months driving the nightshift in a NYC Taxi during 1982. Jim is a Director of the New York City Partnership Investment Fund, the HBS Alumni Angels VC Advisory Board, and the Harvard Kennedy School Center for Public Leadership. Jim has been in YPO since 1998. He is also an inventor, a father of four, a CERT first-responder, and a dog person."
"Russell Okung is the starting Left Tackle for the Los Angeles Chargers. Formerly with the Seattle Seahawks and the Denver Broncos,  Russell was chosen sixth in the 2010 NFL draft by the Seahawks, and earned his way to a Pro Bowl and two Super Bowl appearances, claiming a victory and the World Champion title in 2014.   Off the field, Russell is active in the community, helping kids and investing in startups. He started GREATER which works with community organizations to foster the next generation of leaders.  Focused on at risk youth, GREATER is involved in helping youth get a step into the technology economy.   Russell has also invested in several startups including eSports company, Matcherino, Andela focused on finding the top Tech Talent in Africa, and Omni, an online concierge for on-demand storage and delivery. He was born to Nigerian immigrants, raised in Houston and graduated from Oklahoma State with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Marketing. Russell is currently working towards an Executive MBA at the University of Miami. Russell has recently ventured into the world of Angel Investing. Launching Revenge of the Jocks, a new avenue for athletes and others interested in top performance technology to invest in the future of health and sport."
"Anant Goel is the CEO and Co-Founder of Milkbasket, India’s first and largest daily micro-delivery service.    An entrepreneur at heart, Anant left his NRI life in the west to return to India with an objective to resolve real, daily user issues. He believes that opportunity lies in chaos and, if done right, new efficient models can be created in seemingly saturated industries too. Before founding Milkbasket in early 2015 with his friends Ashish Goel, Anurag Jain and Yatish Talvadia, Anant had the experience of running three ventures.   Anant has the vision to touch the lives of over a million households with Milkbasket’s micro-delivery model, which he believes, will redefine the online grocery delivery industry in India.    By 2023, Milkbasket aims to have the numero uno spot in the industry with over a billion dollars in annual turnover.   Anant started his entrepreneurial journey in 2011 with his first venture, Rungde, a painting services company. In 2012, he started Ursqft, a multi specialty real estate advisory, transaction and management firm which later diversified into real estate portal Zamoona. The knowledge of building this company lent itself significantly when he decided to enter and disrupt the already cluttered daily e-commerce industry in Gurgaon with Milkbasket.   After receiving his B.Tech degree in Civil Engineering from NIT Anant started his career with TATA Consultancy Services and went on to earn his MBA from INSEAD in 2004. Over the next decade, he consulted with Fortune 500 and FTSE 250 clients in strategy, supply chain, go-to-market, behavioral economics and technology domains across retail, financial services, automotive, lifestyle, manufacturing, real estate and new age technology industries in Asia, US & Europe. Apart from undertaking freelance assignments, Anant spent most of his management consulting career working with Capgemini Consulting in Chicago and later with Gallup Consulting in London. "
"Niklas Zennström is CEO and Founding Partner at Atomico. He works daily with founders and sits on the boards of Farmdrop, Lilium, Pipedrive, Oden Technologies and Varjo.   Niklas is an experienced technology investor and entrepreneur, having previously co-founded and managed globally successful technology companies including Skype, Kazaa and Joltid. Niklas founded Atomico in 2006. He is passionate about partnering about founders solving big challenges facing their planet with digital technology. In 2007, he co-founded Zennström Philanthropies with his wife, Catherine. They focus their efforts in two areas: human rights and the environment. Niklas also founded the Race for the Baltic, a foundation for a well-managed and sustainable Baltic Sea, one of the most threatened major bodies of water in the world. Niklas is a keen yachtsman and has won four World Championships with his yacht racing team, Rán. Niklas holds dual degrees in Business and MSc Engineering Physics/Computer Science from Uppsala University in Sweden, and he spent his final year at the University of Michigan."
"Peter Beck is the founder and CEO of Rocket Lab, an orbital launch company revolutionizing access to orbit for small satellites. Peter is responsible for the birth of the space industry in New Zealand and has grown Rocket Lab to become a globally recognised industry leader in space.  After founding Rocket Lab in 2006, Peter led a team of engineers to develop the ĀTEA-1 rocket in 2009, a launch that saw Rocket Lab become the first private company in the Southern Hemisphere to reach space. Peter then went on to establish the Electron orbital launch program, developing the world's first fully carbon-composite launch vehicle, powered by 3D printed, electric turbopump-fed rocket engines.  Peter has played an instrumental role in establishing international treaties and legislation, which enabled orbital launch capability from New Zealand. He also oversaw the development the first and only private orbital launch range on the globe, located on New Zealand's Mahia Peninsula.  Today, Peter has built a billion-dollar company and leads a 200-strong team comprised of world class engineers and technicians across New Zealand and the United States. With its first successful orbital launch completed in January 2018 and many more to follow, Rocket Lab is driving the small satellite launch revolution. "
"John loves building businesses that make a significant and positive impact to people and culture. He is an accomplished entrepreneur with almost 15 years of experience across the technology, media and wireless industries.  At Flipagram, John focused on driving user scale globally and leading the efforts for all things music including strategy, licensing, product, partnerships, programming and operations. Prior to joining Flipagram, John was Founder & Head of Product at Muve Music, one of the largest subscription music services in the US. Before that, John ran Product for Cricket Communications where he was responsible for all of the content and data services businesses. In addition, John was Director of Business Development at Helio with a focus on mobile content and tech partnerships and, at Virgin Mobile, he built and scaled their national retail distribution channels."
"Michael joined Yelp in 2007 as a software engineer to help to rebuild the search engine. Over the years, Michael was promoted to more senior roles and led developer recruiting; as Vice President of Engineering, he is now responsible for overseeing the company's rapidly expanding engineering team and leads the company's technical recruiting efforts.  Prior to Yelp, Michael was a senior software engineer and tech lead for the AdSense Traffic Quality team at Google. Michael holds a B.S. in computer science from Purdue University."
"Jeff Jordan is a general partner at the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz where he serves on the board of 500px, Accolade, Airbnb, Belly, Instacart, Limebike, Lookout, OfferUp, Pinterest, and Walker & Company. He was previously CEO and then executive chairman of OpenTable, where he led the company during a period of accelerated domestic and international growth and oversaw its initial public offering. Prior to OpenTable, Jeff was president of PayPal and responsible for establishing the company as the global standard for online payments. Earlier, he was senior vice president and general manager of eBay North America, overseeing eBay's growth into one of the Internet’s leading commerce brands and driving the successful acquisitions of PayPal and Half.com. Before joining eBay, Jeff was chief financial officer of Hollywood Entertainment and president of Reel.com. He also worked as senior vice president of finance for The Disney Stores at The Walt Disney Company. Jeff holds an MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business, where he also serves on the Advisory Counsel. He received a BA in Political Science and Psychology from Amherst College."
"Deepak has been working with startups and investment firms for the past 15+ years.  He is working with Bessemer Venture Partners Portfolio companies and Managing Partner at Blue Bear Ventures.   He is also a Startup Advisor at UC BerkeleyHass and is a mentor at 500 Startups, Alchemist, Highway1, StartX, and VegasTechFund.  Prior to Berkeley, he was a Managing Director at Seedchange, which looked at seed stage startups.  Prior to Seedchange, Deepak worked at Propel Venture Partners and Hercules Capital, where he worked closely with technology, healthcare, and cleantech companies such as Box, Radius, Simple, Trulia, Barrx, JustFab, Ancestry.com. Deepak holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Virginia Tech, M.S. in Biomedical Engineering from Virginia Commonwealth University, and an M.B.A. from University of Chicago Booth School of Business."
"Daryl De Jori is the Co-CEO, Chief Innovation Officer, and Founder of the IFDAQ and Head of New Technologies at EDAQS Research. He is a former Chief Business & Development Officer and Chief Executive Officer at Fashion One Group."
"Joshua G. James is the founder and CEO of Domo, a software-as-a-service company he launched to fix the fundamental problems he saw in the traditional business intelligence market. Before founding Domo, he was the CEO of web analytics firm Omniture, Inc., which he co-founded in 1996 and took public in 2006; and from 2006-2009, he was the youngest CEO running a publicly traded company. Omniture was the number one returning venture investment out of 1,008 venture capital investments in 2004, as well as the number two performing technology IPO of 2006.Omniture was also the fastest or second fastest-growing public company for three consecutive years. Josh later facilitated Adobe's $1.8B acquisition of Omniture in October 2009. Josh was named 2006 Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year, Brigham Young University's Technology Entrepreneur of the Decade, and was also recognized by FORTUNE magazine as one of its ""40 Under 40"" top business executives in 2009 and named #1 in ""40 Under 40: Ones to Watch"" in 2011. He serves as a member of the Young Global Leader community with the World Economic Forum. Josh is on the boards of Demand Media, a NYSE-traded company; Rakuten, one of the leading e-commerce companies in Japan; and Save The Children. Josh attended Brigham Young University."
"Paul George is a software engineer at Cloudera, working on cloud products including Cloudera Altus. Previously, Paul was at Palantir Technologies and went on to cofound a company focusing on building data systems for genomics. He holds PhD in electrical and computer engineer from Cornell University."
"Chase Coleman is the founder of Tiger Global Management LLC (previously known as Tiger Technology Management LLC) in 2001. Prior to forming Tiger Global, Mr. Coleman was an analyst at Julian Robertson's Tiger Management LLC.  He is a Trustee of Hospital for Special Surgery, Inc."
"Jack Ma is our lead founder and, since May 2013, has served as our executive chairman. From our founding in 1999 until May 2013, Jack served as our chairman and chief executive officer. He is also the founder of the Zhejiang-based Jack Ma Foundation. Jack currently serves on the board of SoftBank Group Corp., one of our major shareholders and a Japanese corporation listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. He is also a member of the Foundation Board of the World Economic Forum, chairman of the Zhejiang Chamber of Commerce, as well as chairman of the China Entrepreneur Club. In January 2016, he was named a Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) advocate by the United Nations. Jack graduated from Hangzhou Teacher's Institute with a major in English language education."
"Jon Cooper received a BA in Political Science from Duke University in 1977.  A successful business owner and a father of five children, Jon was elected in November 1999 to the Suffolk County Legislature.  He served in office for 12 years, including six years as the Democratic Majority Leader.  Jon was the first elected official in New York State to endorse Barack Obama for President.  During the 2008 election, he served as Obama’s Long Island Campaign Chair and was a member of his National Finance Committee.  In 2012, Jon was Co-Chair for the Tri-State Region of Obama Victory Trustees, a major fundraising arm of the campaign. In 2015, Jon served as National Finance Chair for Draft Biden 2016."
"Neil Warnock is currently Head of Music Worldwide at United Talent Agency, and formerly Worldwide President and founder of The Agency Group. Warnock’s career spans over five decades during which he has represented of consulted on many of history’s most influential musicians including the Rolling Stones, Pink Floyd, Johnny Cash, Simon & Garfunkel, Dolly Parton, and Michael Jackson. As well as newer artists such as Nickelback, Katie Melua and Caro Emerald. There have been many notable coups, not least of which being the confirmation of a headlining slot for Dolly Parton at the world famous Glastonbury festival in 2014. Warnock continues international trailblazing in the industry and has had significant success in booking tours in established and emerging markets, including Asia, South America, and Eastern Europe. Outside of UTA, Warnock is actively involved with the Nordoff Robbins music charity where he sits on the Board as Chairman of Fundraising."
"Kelly Hyman is an attorney and legal analyst currently working in Denver, Colorado. She received her Juris Doctor degree cum laude from the University of Florida Levin College of Law. Before becoming an attorney, Kelly Hyman worked as an actress for over 25 years. She received her first agent while still under the age of 10 years old. She has worked everywhere from New York to California and has been featured in several commercials and daytime television shows"
"Brad Parscale is an American digital media and political strategist. He served as the digital media director for Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign. Brad is a founder of Giles-Parscale, a digital agency based in San Antonio, Texas, which he sold to CloudCommerce, Inc. He is an active member of the board of CloudCommerce, Inc. Additionally, he is an active advisor for America First Policies, a non-profit organization that promotes President Trump's agenda and White House initiatives."
"Jack Hughes is the founding investor/co-creator and director at Tongal. In November 2000, he founded TopCoder on the premise that talent and skill are the determinant factors in the quality and utility of software — and software has become central to the global economy. Hughes holds a Bachelor of Science degree in computer science from Boston College. He is Chairman of the Board for the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation."
Vroon Modgill is the Founder and CEO at Sokin.
"Stephen M. Smith joined Equinix in 2007 from Hewlett-Packard Co., where he served as Senior Vice President of HP Services. There he was responsible for management of the organizations Consulting and Integration, Managed Services, and Technology Deployment and Support business groups. Prior to joining HP, Mr. Smith served as Vice President of Global Professional and Managed Services at Lucent Technologies. He has also held various management and sales positions during his 16 years with Electronic Data Systems Corporation, including Chief Sales Officer, President of EDS Asia-Pacific, and President of EDS Western Region. At EDS, his roles spanned sales, business development, operations, acquisition-driven integration, and the management of international growth. Mr. Smith also had a successful eight-year career in the U.S. Army where, among other roles, he was aide-de-camp to the office of the Commander in Chief of the U.S. Armed Forces in the Pacific. Mr. Smith graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and holds a B.S. in Engineering."
"Jimmy Buffett is an American musician, songwriter, author, actor, and businessman."
"Kevin K. McAleenan was sworn in on March 20, 2018, as Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Prior to his confirmation, Mr. McAleenan served as the Acting Commissioner since January 20, 2017. As the agency’s chief executive, Mr. McAleenan oversees 60,000 employees, manages a budget of over $13 billion, and ensures the effective operations of CBP’s mission to protect national security while promoting economic prosperity. Mr. McAleenan directs CBP’s three core missions, counterterrorism, border security, and trade enforcement, while facilitating $4 Trillion in trade and facilitating travel of over 365 million people through ports of entry. He oversees the largest law enforcement agency and the second-largest revenue collecting source in the federal government. Mr. McAleenan previously served as Deputy Commissioner from November 2, 2014, until his appointment to Acting Commissioner. In this role, he served as the agency’s Chief Operating Officer and senior career official. Under Mr. McAleenan’s leadership, CBP has developed strategies that protect the nation’s borders from terrorism and attack transnational criminal networks. Mr. McAleenan has also implemented innovations that have facilitated the U.S. international arrival and departure process, saving the government and travel industry millions of dollars. Additionally, he has advanced the development of CBP’s trade transformation agenda, designed to help America compete in the global economy. Mr. McAleenan has previously held several leadership positions at CBP and one of its legacy agencies, the U.S. Customs Service. From 2006 to 2008, Mr. McAleenan served as the Area Port Director of Los Angeles International Airport, directing CBP’s border security operations at LAX and 17 other airport facilities in one of CBP’s largest field commands. In December 2011, Mr. McAleenan was named acting Assistant Commissioner of CBP’s Office of Field Operations. In this position, he led agency operations to secure the U.S. border while expediting lawful trade and travel at 329 ports of entry in the United States and 70 international locations in more than 40 countries. Mr. McAleenan received a 2015 Presidential Rank Award, the nation’s highest civil service award. He also received the Service to America Medal, Call to Service Award, in 2005 for spearheading efforts to develop and implement a comprehensive antiterrorism strategy in the border security context after September 11, 2001. Mr. McAleenan has been a member of the U.S. Government’s Senior Executive Service since 2006. Prior to government service, Mr. McAleenan practiced law in California. He received his Juris Doctor degree from the University of Chicago Law School and a Bachelor of Arts degree from Amherst College."
"Hiroki is co-founder and CEO of GoCardless. Founded in 2011, GoCardless is a global leader in recurring payments. The business is on a mission to take the pain out of getting paid for recurring revenue businesses. More than 40,000 businesses around the world, from multinational corporations to SMBs, transact through GoCardless each month, and the business processes $10bn of payments a year.  Before starting GoCardless, Hiroki studied Mathematics at Oxford University and worked as a management consultant at McKinsey & Co."
"David Solomon has 14 years of operating and entrepreneurial experience, and 13 years of public accounting experience.  He is a Founder and Managing Director of Meritage and currently serves on the Board of Meritage portfolio companies EdgeConnex, Digital Fortress, IP Commerce, and PeakColo. Formerly, he was the Executive Chairman of NuVox. He joined NuVox as CEO concurrent with Meritage’s investment in November 1999 and grew the company from annual revenue of less than $200,000 to more than $530 million. Windstream Corporation acquired NuVox in November 2009 in a transaction that valued the Company at approximately $643 million. Prior to NuVox, Mr. Solomon served as CFO at Brooks Fiber Properties immediately following the company’s formation in 1993, until its sale to WorldCom in 1998 for $3.4 billion. From 1981 to 1993, Mr. Solomon was in public accounting with KPMG."
"Jeff Smith is the CEO & Co-Founder of Smule. CEO Jeff Smith previously co-founded and ran Tumbleweed, an email security software company which he took public on the Nasdaq and grew to $50M in sales before stepping down as CEO. Jeff is currently pursuing a PhD in Computer Music at Stanford University.  He previously received a BS in Computer Science at Stanford University.  In between Stanford and Stanford, Jeff co-founded and ran an email security software company which he took public on the Nasdaq and grew to $50M in sales before stepping down as CEO.  Jeff is the Co - Author of sixteen patents in the field of email security."
"Michael Nierenberg was appointed as our Chairman of the Board in May 2016, and our Chief Executive Officer and President in November 2013. Prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer of New Residential, Mr. Nierenberg served as managing director and head of Global Mortgages and Securitized Products at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Mr. Nierenberg joined Bank of America Merrill Lynch in November 2008 from JP Morgan, where he was head of Global Securitized Products and a member of the management committee of the investment bank. Prior to his tenure at JP Morgan, Mr. Nierenberg held a range of senior leadership positions during fourteen years with Bear Stearns, including head of interest rate and foreign exchange trading operations, co-head of structured products and co-head of mortgage-backed securities trading. From 2006 to 2008, he was a member of Bear Stearns’s Board of Directors. Mr. Nierenberg spent seven years at Lehman Brothers prior to joining Bear Stearns and was instrumental in building the company’s adjustable rate mortgage business."
"Sky has a long history as a successful entrepreneur in the Internet industry, having founded, co-founded, and helped build companies with a combined market value of over $3 billion. Best known for founding the Internet service provider EarthLink in 1994, Sky also founded Boingo Wireless in 2001 and co-founded eCompanies, Business.com, and several other companies. Sky was an investor and active board member at NeoPets leading up to its sale to Viacom in 2005. As chairman of Age of Learning, he works closely with our management team to help guide our growth."
"Shana Fisher is the Managing Partner of HLVP, a NY Based venture fund focused on early stage investments.  From December 2003 to June 2010, Ms. Fisher served as IAC's Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning & Mergers and Acquisitions, and prior to that as the Senior Vice President of Business Operations for IAC. Previously, Ms. Fisher served as Vice President and Director, Media and Technology Mergers and Acquisitions and Corporate Finance for Allen & Company, LLC. In this capacity she led principle investments and advised publicly traded technology firms, private telecommunications firms and media companies. Prior to Allen & Company, LLC., Ms. Fisher was a program manager for the Microsoft Corporation.  Ms. Fisher received her B.A. from Hampshire College with a triple major in Sculpture, Philosophy and Linguistics and attended the Master of Arts program at New York University's ITP."
"Wei Guo, managing partner of UpHonest Capital and founder of Wei Fund, was recognized in the 2016’s Top 20 Global Cross-Border Early Stage Chinese Investors by China Venture and one of the Most Active Silicon Valley Chinese Angel Investors by China Angel Investing Summit in 2016. Washington Post called him one of “China Whispers.” Over the past three years, Wei Fund has invested in 120+ Silicon Valley startups, including six exits, and more than half have secured the next round of financing. Investors of Wei Fund include institutions such as Banyan Capital, New Horizon Fund, iResearch, LeBox Capital, Pagoda Investment and NCM China, and individual investors such as Sheng Fu, Shanyou Li, and executives from Tencent and Alibaba."
"Joseph Adam ""Joe"" Jonas is an American singer and actor. He was a member of the Jonas Brothers, a pop-rock band made up of him and his two brothers, Nick and Kevin."
"Manish Chandra is the founder and CEO of Poshmark, the largest social marketplace for fashion where millions of people come to buy, sell and share their personal style. Manish has always been passionate about building communities and founded the first social shopping company, Kaboodle, which was acquired by Hearst Corporation in 2007. With Poshmark, Manish has applied his understanding of technology to change the way women think about shopping, building a passionate community based around people's love for fashion and each other. Manish received a BTech from IIT Kanpur, MS from UT Austin, and an MBA from Haas School of Business."
"Desiree Perez or in short Des Perez is a close associate to the well known Jay Z for almost twenty years and has an incredibly long track with running the SC Enterprises. She has proven to be qualified for such an important position as she is incredible when it comes to crunching numbers, is a tough and fierce negotiator and has an unique history that the article states not even Empire’s own Cookie would not go up against. Des Perez had a hand in negotiating the Beyoncé Formation stadium as well as played a strong part in the the Rihanna Samsung deal. She is part of a collective that runs the entire operation of Roc Nation, it’s sections of management, labeling operations as well as publishing. This collective also runs the forces that is behind Tidal. This special collective is called Hova Circle of Influence and the other individuals involved it is includes Jana Fleischman, Chaka Pilgrim, Jay Brown and Ty Ty Smith."
"Wendi Murdoch is a Chinese-American entrepreneur, art collector, film producer, and businesswoman. Born in Jinan, Shandong, she was the third wife of News Corporation chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch. She is the co-founder of Artsy."
"tephen J. King, President and CEO, brings vision and leadership to the OpenMake Software team. He's not the famous mystery writer, although he does write and lecture about archetypes in today's business world. Mr. King has authored dozens of articles for publications ranging from Marketing Magnified to SD Times, and he is regularly invited to speak at business and technology events throughout the United States and Canada. Prior to joining Catalyst, Mr. King was CEO of Marqui, a software as a service provider of web 2.0 marketing solutions whom he joined in June 2004.  Prior to Marqui, he was Executive Vice President and General Manager at Merant PLC, a $130M global enterprise software provider, he was responsible for all aspects of marketing, engineering, and business development.   He played a key role in a dramatic turnaround at Merant, and its successful acquisition by Serena Software creating close to $300m in shareholder value. Prior to joining Merant in February 2002, Mr. King led Terayon Communications Systems' cable solutions group, growing the business by more than 20 percent per quarter to $280 million in revenue. Prior to that, he served as the chief operating officer at digital video start-up Imedia Corporation, and as a Regional Manager for the Middle East and Africa for Tektronix."
Imran Khan is  Chief Financial Officer at BeMyEye .
"Christian Angermayer is a serial entrepreneur and investor. With over 20 years in business, Christian has created, co-founded and invested in numerous successful companies across a broad section of sectors. He has raised over EUR 1.5bn for his portfolio companies and has been involved in more than 40 successful IPO- and M&A-transactions either as an entrepreneur, investor or banker/advisor.  He is the owner of Apeiron Investment Group, his family office and merchant banking business, which focuses in Germany and Africa on Financial Services (especially fintech), Internet and Technology (from ecommerce to deep tech), Life Sciences, Media, Real Estate and Natural Resources. Apeiron completes deals across the entire lifecycle and balance sheet of a company, from non-listed Seed/Start Up investments to larger scale Restructuring and Special Situations deals (mostly listed). Christian’s family office holds stakes in various asset management companies with – together with his family office assets - in total approx. EUR 1bn assets under management.  Christian has been an entrepreneur since the age of 19 when he started his first business. He loves to push boundaries and to constantly discover, learn about and invest into new opportunities. Highlights include: In 2000 Christian co-founded Ribopharma, which merged with US peer Alnylam Pharmaceuticals in 2003 and subsequently went public (ticker symbol ALNY, USD 8bn Market Cap, a leading company for translation of RNAi as a new class of innovative medicines). In 2004, he created JDC Group, Germany´s largest network of independent financial advisors (IFAs) with more than 16,000 IFAs and more than 1.4m retail clients. In 2007, Christian was one of the first international investors to realize that Africa would be one of the most important “megatrends” for the next few decades. Hence, he founded and created the African Banking Holding ADC African Development Corporation, that merged with Bob Diamond’s Atlas Mara in 2014.  Today, merging his profound experience at the nexus of traditional financial services and technology, he is one of the most active and significant investors in European fintech companies with a special focus on crypto-currencies and blockchain-related business models. Other cutting-edge areas for investments Christian is currently most excited about are longevity and anti-aging technologies, aerospace technologies and new drugs for mental wellbeing and enhancement.  In 2017, Christian has been the exclusive advisor to Chinese conglomerate HNA Group for building up their 9.9% stake in Deutsche Bank. Christian both had originated the investment idea and structured the entire process and transaction. German business magazine BILANZ ranks Christian among the top 10 most important German tech investors (No. 5/10) in their June 2017 issue and among the 1.000 richest Germans (No. 684/1.000) In addition to his entrepreneurial activities, Christian places great value on social, political and societal commitments. He is a Young Global Leader of the World Economic Forum, a member of the Presidential Advisory Council of His Excellency President Paul Kagame of Rwanda, in the Milken Institute Young Leaders Circle and of Atlantik-Brücke. Passionate about the arts and film, Christian has (executive) produced 14 feature films including critically acclaimed movies like FILTH and HECTOR AND THE SEARCH FOR HAPPINESS.  Christian was born in Germany and is based in London."
"John Elkann is Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of EXOR and Chairman of the Board of Directors at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V.  Born in New York in 1976, John obtained a Scientific Baccalaureate from the Lycée Victor Duruy in Paris and graduated in Engineering from Politecnico, the Engineering University of Turin. While at university, John gained work experience in various companies of the Fiat Group in the UK and Poland (manufacturing) as well as in France (sales and marketing).  John started his professional career in 2001 at General Electric as a member of the Corporate Audit Staff, with assignments in Asia, the USA and Europe.  John Elkann is Chairman of the Board of Directors at Giovanni Agnelli e C. Sapaz. and Italiana Editrice.  John is a Member of the Board of Directors at CNH Industrial, The Economist Group and News Corporation.  John is a Member of the IAC of Brookings Institution and of MoMA.  John also serves as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors at Italian Aspen Institute and of the Giovanni Agnelli Foundation."
"Blake Griffin, the six-time All-Star, former Rookie of the Year and Slam Dunk Champion, is regarded as one of the most influential players in recent history. Second only to his basketball talent is his innate knack for comedic timing, which has been showcased in numerous national ad campaigns, top-tier media, and through his annual charity comedy show, Comedy.by blake. Behind the camera, Blake serves as the Cofounder of Mortal Media, his Hollywood production company, which works on projects in the film, TV, and digital spaces. A true triple-threat, adding to athlete and actor, Blake and his brother Taylor also run the Team Griffin Foundation, their non-profit organization that provides young men and women with opportunities to learn the essential lessons of life, competition, and hard work by inspiring them to nurture their passions in athletics, academics and the arts."
"Bhavin Turakhia is a serial tech entrepreneur, billionaire, and CEO and co-founder of Directi. He is also the founder and CEO of Flock, Radix, CodeChef, and Ringo, as well as the co-founder of Zeta. In 2016, Bhavin was ranked as the 95th richest person in India, with a net worth of $1.3 billion, along with his brother Divyank Turakhia, according to Forbes magazine. He has been honored as a 2011 Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum. In 2013, Bhavin sold four of his web presence companies - BigRock, LogicBoxes, ResellerClub, and Webhosting.info - to Nasdaq-listed, U.S.-based web-hosting firm Endurance International Group, for $160 million. In August 2016, Bhavin and his brother, Divyank Turakhia, sold off their Dubai and New York-based ad-technology company Media.net, founded in 2010, to Chinese investors for $900 million. This is the third largest ad-tech deal in history and amongst the largest bootstrapped cash exits worldwide. Bhavin has received numerous awards and global recognition. In 2016, he was recognised as Serial Entrepreneur of the Year and Entrepreneur of the Year in Innovation and Technology by Entrepreneur magazine. He was also awarded the ETPanache Trendsetter Award by The Economic Times, in the same year. He was also recognised as Bharti Entrepreneur of the Year by the Bharti Foundation & the Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India, in 2005.  He has served as chairperson of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN)'s Registrar Constituency for two terms."
"Bob Stone has a distinguished track record with over 25 years of proven leadership in technology, new business models, and telecom. Through it all, I’m thankful to have been part of companies founding teams who raised over $1 billion in VC financing. Stone worked for Robert Bosch, Research Center Palo Alto, CA where he was the Head of Innovation and Technology Partnerships for Car Multimedia and Auto Electronics business units. Bob also holds advisory and Entrepreneur in Residence positions with the venture capital arm of SK Telecom, Silicon Valley, Alchemist Accelerator, San Francisco and  ITU ARI Teknokent University, Turkey.  Before Bosch, Bob worked with Google where he served as a Senior Advisor to the Office of the President and Founders. Before Google, Bob was part of the executive team that executed on the turnaround and sale of Wavecom Technologies to Hawaiian Telecom. Bob was one of the first members of the Terabeam team that raised over $750M and a member of the management team that led Rhythms.net to a successful IPO followed by an acquisition by MCI.  Bob has also held executive positions at CenturyLink and The National Football League. Bob holds a Master of Business Administration degree from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from the University of Florida."

"Chris completed his PhD in Bioengineering at the University of Utah in the fall of 2013 before taking a leave of absence from medical school (he was enrolled in the MD/PhD program) to found and grow Recursion. He developed the core technology underlying this venture while in the lab of Dr. Dean Li. Chris comes from a family of entrepreneurs, is a graduate of Rice University with degrees in bioengineering and managerial studies, and recently completed an intense course in entrepreneurship at Stanford GSB. Chris is also a Board Member of CureHHT, a patient advocacy group for Hereditary Hemorrhagic Telangiectasia. Chris enjoys cycling on both the road and the trails that cut through Utah's great wilderness, as well as spending precious time with his family."
"David M. Rubenstein is a Co-Founder and Co-CEO of The Carlyle Group, one of the world’s largest private equity firms. David Rubenstein co-founded the firm in 1987. Since then, Carlyle has grown into a firm managing more than $200 billion from 40 offices around the world.  David Rubenstein, a native of Baltimore, is a 1970 magna cum laude graduate of Duke, where he was elected Phi Beta Kappa. Following Duke, David Rubenstein graduated in 1973 from The University of Chicago Law School, where he was an editor of the Law Review. From 1973-75, Mr. Rubenstein practiced law in New York with Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison.  From 1975-76 he served as Chief Counsel to the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Constitutional Amendments. From 1977-1981, during the Carter Administration, Mr. Rubenstein was Deputy Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy.  After his White House service and before co-founding Carlyle, David Rubenstein practiced law in Washington with Shaw, Pittman, Potts & Trowbridge (now Pillsbury, Winthrop, Shaw Pittman). David Rubenstein is Chairman of the Boards of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts and of Duke University, Co-Chairman of the Brookings Institution, Vice-Chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations, a Trustee of the National Gallery of Art and President of the Economic Club of Washington.  David Rubenstein  is on the Board of Directors or Trustees of University of Chicago, the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, Johns Hopkins Medicine, the Institute for Advanced Study, the National Museum of American History of the Smithsonian Institution and the National Museum of Natural History of the Smithsonian Institution.  David Rubenstein is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the Business Council (Vice-Chairman), Visiting Committee of the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard, the Harvard Business School Board of Dean’s Advisors, the Board of Trustees of the Young Global Leaders Foundation, Advisory Board of School of Economics and Management Tsinghua University (Chairman), the Madison Council of the Library of Congress (Chairman), and the International Business Council of the World Economic Forum. David Rubenstein is married to Alice Rogoff Rubenstein, and they have three grown children."
"Eric Wu is the co-founder and CEO of Opendoor. Before Opendoor, Eric founded Movity.com, a location data analytics company that was acquired by Trulia.com in 2011. He graduated from the University of Arizona with a bachelor of science in Economics."
"Hilary Schneider was named chief executive officer of LifeLock, Inc. in March 2016. As CEO, Schneider is responsible for the company’s strategic direction and oversees all aspects of the company’s business operations and growth. She originally joined the company as president in 2012. She also has global responsibilty for Yahoo's mobile business.  Previously she served as Executive Vice President of Yahoo's Global Partner Solutions (GPS) Division, which brought together Yahoo's Sales, Corporate Partnerships, Online Channel Division, Yahoo HotJobs and Yahoo Publisher Network teams into one partner-focused organization.  The GPS division was formed to better serve, enhance, and grow Yahoo's opportunities and relationships with marketers and publishers by driving greater marketing effectiveness through close and collaborative partnership.  Hilary assumed the EVP of GPS role when the division was formed in August 2007 and held the title until Yahoo's re-org in June 2008.Hilary joined Yahoo in September of 2006 to run its Local Markets and Commerce (LMC) division where she was charged with developing an overarching classified and listings strategy as well as for day-to-day oversight of Yahoo's listings and commerce properties in the U.S. Hilary's deep experience in the publishing industry has also been instrumental to Yahoo in the creation and development of a significant cross-company partnership with newspapers across the U.S. to create one of the largest and most comprehensive online advertising networks known as the Newspaper Consortium (NPC). Prior to joining Yahoo, Hilary was senior vice president for Knight Ridder, Inc., a $3 billion revenue company, where she co-managed the company's newspaper operations and later led its digital division as CEO, Knight Ridder Digital. Under her leadership, Knight Ridder's online revenue tripled and the division's profit margins grew significantly.  Before joining Knight Ridder, Hilary served as president and CEO of Red Herring Communications, overseeing Red Herring Magazine, RedHerring.com and Red Herring's events unit. She also served as the president and CEO of Times Mirror Interactive, and prior to that role, with The Baltimore Sun Company. She has served on the boards of CareerBuilder.com, Classified Ventures, Topix,net, ShopLocal and the Newspaper Association of America.She currently serves on the board of directors of Vail Resorts, Inc., Rent Path, and Water.org. Hilary holds a B.A. in economics from Brown University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School."
"Hussein is a repeat tech entrepreneur. Previously co-founded AdParlor – a Facebook ad optimization company. Bootstrapped to $100MM+ revenue and sold in 2011.   Currently co-founder and CEO at SnapTravel. We use AI to help customers find and book the perfect hotel room over a conversational interface (SMS, Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, Alexa…)   We are 3 years old, $20MM+ raised, 100+ employees, and have driven over $100MM+ in sales exclusively over messaging."
"Michael S. Brown joined ExxonMobil in 1980 as a process engineer at the former Mobil Corporation Paulsboro, NJ, Refinery. He has held several managerial positions at the Joliet, IL, and Beaumont, TX, refineries. In 1996, Mike joined the Houston Gas Liquids group as General Manager of North America Gas Liquids, responsible for the U.S., Mexico and business development for South America and Canada.   Brown's next position was to lead the business process reengineering and SAP rollout for the U.S.-based Upstream, Downstream and Global Chemical assets of Mobil Corporation. Following the merger of Exxon and Mobil in 1999, Brown led a comparable effort for the combined company. In 2002, he was named Refinery Manager at the Baytown, TX, Refinery and then returned to Houston in 2005 as the GTL Project Executive for ExxonMobil Development Company. In January 2006 he was assigned Executive Assistant to ExxonMobil’s Chairman in Irving, Texas. In October 2006 Brown was named Vice President Refining, assuming responsibility for ExxonMobil’s worldwide refinery circuit. In March 2009, he was appointed Project Executive of the U.S. Real Estate Strategy Study Project. In July 2011, he assumed his current position as IT Vice President of ExxonMobil."
"Rafael Edward ""Ted"" Cruz is the junior United States Senator from Texas. Elected in 2012, he is the first Cuban American or Latino to hold the office of US Senator from Texas. Cruz is a member of the Republican Party."
"Klaus Nyengaard is the co-founder and Chairman of GenieBelt, a SaaS-based platform that develops project management software. He is also co-founder of the investment club, Nordic Makers. He serves as the co-chairman of Treatwell, a beauty and wellness community marketplace. Nyengaard has previously been CEO & Chairman of Just-Eat pre-IPO, and build a number of tech companies. In 1994, Klaus Nyengaard graduated from Aarhus University with a specialized degree in economics and management."
"Paul Allen, Chief Strategy Officer Paul Allen is a seasoned technology leader and entrepreneur with over 25 years experience working across sales, marketing and product development with teams at Intel, Motorola, Adobe, Quicken Loans, the State of Connecticut and dozens of technology startups. He has been a founder, investor, and board member of numerous venture backed technology companies and led two tech startup accelerators, including one backed by Dan Gilbert, founder and chairman of Quicken Loans. Paul is active in the venture community and sits on the Colorado Governor’s Advanced Industry Grant Committee and is a board member of Startup Colorado and UNLV’s Technology Assessment Committee. He holds undergraduate and graduate degrees from UCLA."
"Kathryn Petralia is the Co-founder and President of Kabbage Inc., a data and technology company offering automated cash flow solutions to small businesses. Kathryn is a seasoned leader in financial services with more than 20 years’ experience across credit, payments and lending. Recognized as one of the 100 Most Powerful Women in the World by Forbes, Kathryn helps lead Kabbage to simplify the way small businesses access the capital and services they need to build lasting businesses."
"Patrick is Managing General Partner of Xfund.  Prior to joining Xfund full-time, Patrick was a partner at NEA and led the firm’s consumer and seed investment practices.  He is a director of 23andMe, Curalate, Euclid, MeCommerce, Philo, and Ravel Law, and is actively involved with CrowdMed, IFTTT, Rock Health, and Upworthy. Past investments include Pulse (acquired by LinkedIn), Loopt (acquired by Green Dot), GoodGuide (acquired by Underwriters Laboratories), Xfire (acquired by Viacom), and Xoom (NASDAQ: XOOM).  Prior to joining NEA, Patrick helped to grow ZEFER, an Internet services firm (acquired by NEC) to more than $100 million in annual revenues and more than 700 people across six global offices.  Prior to ZEFER, Patrick was with McKinsey & Company, where he specialized in hardware, software, and services companies. Patrick received a joint JD-MBA degree from Harvard Business School and Harvard Law School, where he served as an Editor of the Harvard Law Review.  Patrick was a Commonwealth Scholar at Oxford University, where he earned a Master of Science degree. Patrick earned his A.B. degree at Harvard College in Environmental Science.  He is a member of the New York and Massachusetts bars, an elected director of the Harvard Alumni Association, and a member of the Committee to Visit Harvard College."
"Lewis is the Head of Ecommerce at heritage menswear brand, Turnbull & Asser. With 10 years of experience within social & digital / ecommerce in the menswear space, he has worked with both high-street and luxury in equal measure. This previous experience teamed with working with ultra high net worth individuals in his most recent post gives Lewis a unique insight into the behaviours of this intriguing customer profile."

Sahil Barua is the Co-founder and CEO at Delhivery. He is a former Consultant at Bain & Company. Mr. Barua graduated from National Institute of Technology Karnataka with a bachelor of engineering in Mechanical Engineering.
"Alexis Ohanian, born April 24, 1983, is an entrepreneur and investor in Brooklyn, NY, best known as the co-founder and executive chair of reddit, a platform for online communities to share links and have discussions.   While he learned his earliest lessons in leadership and web design from his high school Quake 2 clan and Everquest guild, Alexis continued his official studies at the University of Virginia, where he met his future co-founder Steve Huffman during freshman year move-in day. This would lead to the founding of reddit, which he recounted along with many lessons for entrepreneurs, in his national bestseller, Without Their Permission. At UVA, Alexis majored in business and history with a minor in German. Though he had originally planned to become an immigration lawyer, he experienced an epiphany in his junior year (while sitting in a Waffle House) that led him to the realization that he didn't want to practice law. Instead he convinced his best friend Steve to start a company with him. The pair traveled to Cambridge, MA during their senior year spring break to hear Paul Graham give a talk titled ""How to Start a Startup."" After the lecture, Alexis invited Graham out for a drink so he and Steve could pitch Graham on their business idea. Graham agreed, loved the idea, and suggested they apply to a new seed stage venture firm he'd launched called Y Combinator. Alexis and Steve's original plan was to build an infrastructure that would allow people to order food from their cell phones. Though the idea was rejected, Alexis and Steve were invited to join the first class of Y Combinator, on the condition that they'd come up with a new concept. The next idea they pitched to Graham would become reddit.com."
"Paul George is an American professional basketball player for the Oklahoma City Thunder of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is a six-time NBA All-Star and four-time All-NBA Team selection, as well as a three-time member of the NBA All-Defensive Team. George played high school basketball for Knight High School before playing two seasons of college basketball at Fresno State. He was selected by the Indiana Pacers with the 10th overall pick of the 2010 NBA draft and earned NBA All-Rookie Second Team honors. He was named the NBA Most Improved Player in 2013 when he also earned his first All-Star selection. George suffered a broken leg in 2014 while competing for a roster spot on the United States national team for the FIBA Basketball World Cup. He missed most of the 2014–15 season but recovered to become an All-Star again in 2016, when he also won an Olympic gold medal. He was traded to Oklahoma City in 2017."
"Anant Bhardwaj is the founder & CEO of Instabase. Prior to Instabase, he was a Ph.D. student in the Computer Science & Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) at MIT."
"Nicolas is a firm believer of “culture-first” companies and am focused on building just that at Algolia where team empowerment is how they accomplish their goals. Prior to co-founding Algolia with Julien, he spent over 12 years working on information retrieval at Exalead and Thales. At Algolia they believe every website and app deserves great search! they offer a hosted Search API that helps developers deliver an instant and relevant search experience. We’ve seen that search is a great touch point to optimize – they regularly see double digit increases in engagement on sites when they improve their search UX. When they founded Algolia in 2012 it was originally going to be a local SDK for mobile app search. They changed direction and realized that they needed to offer search as a hosted SaaS service, but it was those early mobile optimizations that gave us their unique advantage. They are one of the few search solutions that has been developed from scratch, and they never would have gone that direction if they hadn’t originally been focused on mobile search. His focus has been first and foremost on making Algolia a great place to work. They have a unique culture here that values ownership as its pillar. They want to create a company where every team member takes initiative, gets out of their comfort zone, is empowered to make decisions; in short: be free to be their best. He is recently spoken at SaaStock on the challenges of running a company based in both Paris and San Francisco. His priority lately has been on scaling their growth and ramping up their team size."
"Dr. Kami Hoss, DDS, MS has been applying his entrepreneurial drive coupled with his visionary leadership for the past 20 years to achieve remarkable revenue growth and business development in the dental and orthodontic arts. With the help of his wife and current business partner, Dr. Nazil Keri, the two founded The Super Dentists in San Diego and, using their skills and business acumen, were able to grow it into the largest pediatric dental and orthodontic practice in the San Diego area.  Over the past twenty years, Kami Hoss and Nazil Keri have helped The Super Dentists grow from a single doctor working out of a single office to over 120 employees who serve more than 100,000 active patients all throughout the San Diego area and occupy 5 building throughout California. As CEO, Dr. Kami Hoss has taken it upon himself to manage the development, expansion, renovation, and daily building operation of each of his dental offices. Despite the economic downturn, the company has seen continual growth in income and profits each year, and now serves approximately one out of every seven people in the San Diego area. In terms of orthodontia, The Super Dentists holds the status of “Elite Provider” for all three systems of braces; worldwide, only 2% of orthodontists are given this distinction.  Outside of the day-to-day dental work, The Super Dentists is recognized for its community involvement, especially The Super Dentists Academy and The Super Dentists Foundation. The Super Dentists Academy presented to over 30,000 local children in 2014 alone and continues to provide education classes for doctors and staff alike. Kami believes that, through educating children about their oral and dental health, we can give them all the tools they need to have a lifelong healthy smile.  Kami Hoss has a passion for education and as a result, spearheads various annual events to continue providing scholarships - both academic and athletic - for schools throughout the year. Alongside his co-worker Edward Rey, Kami Hoss also founded the Howard Healthcare Academy, an accredited Dental Assisting School. He is also a member of several prestigious dental associations, including the American Association of Orthodontists, California Association of Orthodontists, World Federation of Orthodontists, and the American Dental Association, and Kami serves on the Eastlake Dentistry board of directors.  Outside of dentistry, Kami Hoss has made a name for himself in the real estate and farming world. As he was growing his business back in 1997, he purchased a condo out of which he could grow his young dental practice and found he enjoyed the process very much. Kami immediately took to real estate development which inspired him to begin searching for lucrative real estate development opportunities elsewhere. It wasn’t long before Kami began locating and purchasing properties independent from his dental practice and the dental industry itself.  Since 1997, Kami has acquired, developed, and managed more than 150,000 combined square feet of commercial real estate spread out over 3,000 acres in multiple states. He realized he had a knack for developing and now specializes in stabilizing properties that are underperforming and increases their value significantly, maximizing their return on investment (ROI) by using short-and long-term strategic planning, deal making, and business acumen to capitalize on the potential of each new property.  As he built his real estate portfolio from initial land selection to full functionality, Kami learned the importance of building strong relationships with everyone you work with. Because of his immersive interest in real estate and his desire to learn the business from every angle, Kami worked on developing relationships with bankers, brokers, agents, vendors, construction superintendents, and tenants, all of whom assisted him not only in his real estate pursuits but also with gaining superior knowledge of real estate logistics, namely property development, renovation, zoning, finance, and construction. Because of his quickly developed acumen, Kami has learned how to negotiate leasing, construction, and land purchasing agreements and has successfully developed and managed commercial property that was able to double its value in just two to three years.  In addition to acquiring high-potential properties which he turns into fully-utilized commercial space, Kami also works in the agricultural sector acquiring and developing raw farmland into lucrative nut orchards — primarily pistachios. He is a native of Iran which controls 50% of the world’s pistachio exports and is himself a third generation pistachio farmer which sparked his love for the crop. Kami oversees a small, devoted management team who assist him in finding new opportunities and building a better, greener future for the next generation. Kami is proud of his ability to pursue initiatives that are environmentally friendly through planting the resources that we all need to thrive.  Kami Hoss was trained to be a Certified Commercial Investment Member, and belongs to  several organizations including the International Council of Shopping Centers, the Commercial Real Estate Development Association, and the American Pistachio Growers.  Outside of his work with dentistry and farming, Kami Hoss has deep love for music. He is a lifelong musician whose skills and diverse taste have roots in his childhood love for pianos and keyboards. Having grown up in Iran, Kami’s musical production is indicative of his genre-bending, culture-crossing internationally inspired taste in music. He was always a lover of Persian music and art for how they remind him of his home country and released a Persian music album internationally at age 19 through a Los Angeles record label. Kami has since fine-tuned his hobby to help bolster his career in dentistry as he focuses on creating music through recording, sampling, and arranging digital media, specifically writing music for The Super Dentists. He wrote original songs for The Super Dentist Commercials and short movies, believing music to be the most powerful teaching tool, especially in terms of children. Kami also loves to spend his time playing his beloved 100th-anniversary-edition Yamaha piano."
"Sharon Prince is the Chair and President of Grace Farms Foundation, a private operating foundation established in 2009 to enhance lives through engagement with nature, arts, justice, community, and faith. Ms. Prince spear­headed the vision for Grace Farms, a new kind of public space shared by individuals and not-for-profit organizations, and she commissioned the Pritzker Prize-winning firm SANAA to design its accompanying River building. Since opening in October 2015, Grace Farms has emerged as a place of grace and peace for all. It has garnered numerous awards for contributions to architecture, environmental sustainability, and social good, including the AIA National 2017 Architecture Honor Award, Fast Company’s 2016 Innovation by Design Award for Social Good and the Mies Crown Hall Americas Prize from the Illinois Institute of Technology, where she participated in the symposium Reimagining the Metropolis. Ms. Prince was appointed to the 2018 AIA Institute Honor Awards for Architecture Jury. Through her work with the Foundation, Ms. Prince has fought to end child exploitation, human trafficking, and violence against women on a local, national and international scale. In 2016, she co-hosted a convening with the United Nations University entitled Fighting Human Trafficking in Conflict, which resulted in a published report to the United Nations Security Council and the UN Resolution 2331 in December. Grace Farms Foundation is developing and initializing a global media campaign Unchain: Freedom Needs Fighters to end modern day slavery with agencies Geometry Global, J. Walter Thompson, and Shazam. Ms. Prince also serves on the Board of Next Generation Nepal, a charity dedicated to reuniting victims of child exploitation with their families.   In 2017, she received NOMI Network’s Abolitionist Award and Auburn Seminary’s Lives of Commitment Award. Prior to developing Grace Farms, Ms. Prince was the President of 66North, an Icelandic technical outerwear brand that she developed and distributed in 100 stores in North America. She holds a BS/BA and MBA from the University of Tulsa."

"Will Cathcart is the vice president of product management at [Facebook](https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/facebook#/entity), an online social networking service. Prior to that, he served as a product manager at [Google](https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/google#/entity) from 2006 to 2010. Cathcart holds a bachelor’s degree in mathematical economics from [Colgate University](https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/colgate-university-hamilton#/entity). He lives in San Francisco, California, United States."
"Hans Vestberg is chairman and chief executive officer of Verizon, a leading provider of wireless, fiber-optic and global Internet networks and services.  Prior to assuming the role of CEO in August 2018 and the role of Chairman in March 2019, Mr. Vestberg served as Verizon’s chief technology officer and president of Global Networks from 2017, with responsibility for further developing the architecture for Verizon’s fiber-centric networks.  At Verizon, he is focused on delivering seamless experiences for customers over network assets consisting of the country’s leading 4G LTE network, the largest 5G test-bed in the U.S., the nation’s biggest residential fiber network, a global internet backbone and undersea cable network carrying much of the world’s internet traffic, and fiber assets in 45 of the top 50 markets in the U.S. https://www.instagram.com/hansvestberg/"
"Anne Pramaggiore, 55, is president and chief executive officer of Commonwealth Edison Company (ComEd), an electric utility company and a business unit of Exelon Corporation. She has been a member of the ComEd board of directors since February 2012.  Prior to this role, she served as ComEd’s president and chief operating officer from May 2009 until February 2012. Pramaggiore joined ComEd in 1998 and previously served as executive vice president, customer operations, regulatory and external affairs from September 2007 to May 2009; senior vice president, regulatory and external affairs from November 2005 to September 2007; and vice president, regulatory and strategic services from October 2002 to November 2005. She also served as ComEd’s lead counsel.  Pramaggiore serves on the boards of The Babcock & Wilcox Company, the Art Institute of Chicago, DePaul University, Chicago Botanic Garden, Chicago Council on Global Affairs, Chicago Urban League, Governor State University, the Lincoln Park Zoo, After School Matters, the Illinois Manufacturers’ Association, and Northwestern Memorial Hospital.  She is a member of The Chicago Network, the Economic Club of Chicago, and serves as an advisor on the Miami University Business Advisory Council.  Pramaggiore earned a bachelor’s degree in communications and theater from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, and a law degree from DePaul University School of Law, where she served as editor-in-chief of the school’s Law Review."
"Jeffrey Edward Epstein was an American financier and convicted sex offender. Epstein began his professional life as a teacher, then changed to the banking and finance sector in various roles."
"Brad Smith is the President & Chief Executive Officer of Intuit Inc. He became Intuit's President and Chief Executive Officer in January 2008, culminating a five-year rise through the company where he successfully led several of its major businesses. Intuit is a leading provider of business and financial management solutions for small and mid-sized businesses, financial institutions, consumers and accounting professionals, and is consistently ranked as one of the most-admired software companies and best places to work. As the company marked its 25th anniversary in 2008, Smith celebrated the past while creating a strategic vision that recognizes important market shifts that will serve as growth catalysts for Intuit's future. Among the most significant trends is the accelerating shift to a ""connected services"" world, where people and businesses increasingly go online to manage their lives, and abandon the traditional paper-based, human-produced, brick-and-mortar bound services of the past. Intuit is uniquely positioned to take advantage of these trends and help drive the shift to a connected services economy. In the midst of this change, Intuit's mission remains enduring: To be a premier innovative growth company that improves its customers' financial lives so profoundly that they can't imagine going back to the old way. The company's strategy builds on this sense of purpose and foundation of success, while capitalizing on the current market shifts to accelerate Intuit's business performance. The three-point strategy focuses on : Driving growth in the core businesses where Intuit has high share versus look-alike competitors, but low penetration versus the overall market opportunity. Building adjacent businesses and entering new geographies, with a particular emphasis on emerging markets. Accelerating the transition to a greater mix of connected services, which now represents over half of the company's revenue. Before being named CEO, Smith was Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intuit's Small Business Division. Appointed to this position in May 2006, Smith was responsible for the company's small business division which included the portfolio of QuickBooks, Quicken and Payroll products, serving 7 million small businesses.  Before moving to the small business division, he led the company's Consumer Tax Group in San Diego from March 2004 through May 2005. The group produces TurboTax, the nation's leading consumer tax preparation software. Smith joined the company in February 2003 as the Vice President and General Manager of Intuit's Accountant Central and Developer Network in Plano, Texas.  Previously, he was Senior Vice President of Marketing and Business Development at ADP.  Smith also held various Sales, Marketing and General Management positions with, Pepsi, Seven-Up, Advo Inc . Smith earned his Master's Degree in Management from Aquinas College in Michigan. Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Marshall University in West Virginia."
"Since 1994, CEO Founder, Richard White, has grown technology giant, WiseTech Global, from an idea in the basement of his house in Newton to a global provider of software solutions for logistics corporations across more than 125 countries worldwide.   Earlier this year, former musician, White, bucked the trend and listed his global technology company on home soil, ringing the ASX bell in April and helping to expand the Australian technology sector.   He has over 30 years in software development, embedded systems and business management and over 20 years of freight / logistics industry experience.   He also holds a Masters in Information Technology from UTS and has spearheaded new business thinking."
"Deap Ubhi is a product leader and serial entrepreneur (burrp.com, FreeCharge, Sequoia Capital India, USDS.gov, Amazon)"

"Jonathan Taylor is half executive and half technologist, with a dash of revolutionary for good measure. Over the last 20 years Jonathan has started seven companies, run six, sold four, and acquired 17 others.  In 1999, Jonathan founded Voxeo with the mission to make phone applications easy to build and deploy. He developed the company into an enterprise cloud-based SaaS telecoms system for managing customer relationships and sold it to Aspect Software in 2013."
"Paul Allen has founded several companies in the consumer content and social space. He is currently Founder & CEO of Soar. He was the Founder and CEO of Ancestry.com in 1997. He also launched MyFamily.com in 1998, which became the fastest growing community site of its time. After an initial stint as CEO, Allen focused on internet marketing and strategy for several years, helping Ancestry.com become one of the leading content subscription sites in the world.  In 2002, Allen founded 10x Marketing, an internet marketing agency that was sold to Innuity in 2005. In 2004, he started FundingUniverse.com, a fast-growing company that helps entrepreneurs through venture consulting. Since 2007, he has been 100% focused on his new company, FamilyLink.com.  He graduated from BYU with a degree in Russian in 1990. He is suffering from a serious addiction to his Blackberry, iPhone and Amazon Kindle."
"James Patterson is the co-founder and head of Capital One Labs, the experimental product and technology arm of Capital One with locations in Washington, DC, New York City and San Francisco.  He leads a world-class team of designers, product managers, developers and data scientists focused on reimaging and dramatically improving how more than 60 million people spend, borrow, save, and invest.  Under his leadership, the Labs have grown in scope, depth and impact to the rest of the organization, including incubating API's, a full spectrum of data initiatives and capabilities. The Labs has been a catalyst for innovation across Capital One. James was responsible for hiring top leaders in Design Thinking and Data Science into the Labs which has led to a wave of transformation in thinking and practice across the company. James holds undergraduate and master degrees in civil/environmental engineering, both from Stanford University."
"Jill Davis is Co-Founder & CEO of Bouu. Previously Amazon, Valentino, Vogue."
"Brad Bao is a Co-Founder and CEO at Lime. He also currently serves as the Managing Director of Kinzon Capital (Fosun Group), a cross-border fund that investing in early stage technology companies in both US and China, focusing on mobile and internet related investments. Believing in the synergy between the two largest market and innovation of US and China, Kinzon Capital is positioned to bridge the gap and bring them together. Prior to joining Kinzon Capital, Brad served as the General Manager of Tencent America, and VP of BD of Tencent Games for over 8 years, during that time Brad built the Tencent US branch from scratch, and was responsible for the overall P&L including investments, strategy, globalization, BD, and overall operation. He led and participated in investments including Hi-Rez, Fireforge, Zam, and more, and served as board member of several. Brad obtained bachelor degree in International Marketing from Wuhan University, and received his MBA from Haas School of Business, UC-Berkeley in 2005."
"Vonnie B'Vsean Miller Jr. is an American football outside linebacker for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL). Miller played college football at Texas A&M, where he earned consensus All-American honors and was awarded the Butkus Award as the most outstanding college linebacker in the nation. He was drafted by the Broncos second overall in the 2011 NFL Draft. He is a five-time Pro Bowl selection, receiving first-team All-Pro honors as a rookie. At the conclusion of the 2015 NFL season, Miller was named Super Bowl MVP after the Broncos defeated the Carolina Panthers in Super Bowl 50. Following his Super Bowl victory, he appeared on season 22 of Dancing with the Stars."
"Since co-founding Asurion in 1994, the company has grown from 40 to 10,000 employees becoming the world’s largest provider of technology protection services, partnering with the world’s top companies and brands and serving over 200 million customers. Previously, Kevin was chairman and president of investment firm Mill River Corporation and worked in mergers and acquisitions for Salomon Brothers. Kevin and his Asurion cofounder received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award in 2001. Kevin is a faculty member at the Stanford Graduate School of Business where he teaches entrepreneurship courses in the MBA program, from which he graduated in 1992. He is also a member of the school's advisory council and has served on its management board. Kevin received a bachelor`s degree in mechanical engineering from McGill University. He serves on the board of directors for ResponseLink, a provider of medical alert systems and the board of trustees for the California Institute of Technology (Caltech)."
"Kevin McCarthy is a Co-Founder and Managing Partner at Kayne Anderson Fund Advisors. Kevin is responsible for master limited partnership private equity investments and serves as Chairman of the Board opf Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Kayne Anderson MLP Investment Company (KYN), Kayne Anderson Energy Total Return Fund (KYE), Kayne Anderson Midstream/Energy Fund (KMF)  and Kayne Anderson Energy Development Company (KED).  Prior to joining Kayne Anderson in 2004, Kevin was most recently global head of energy at UBS Securities LLC. In this role, Kevin had senior responsibility for all of UBS’ energy investment banking activities, including direct responsibilities for securities underwriting and mergers and acquisitions in the MLP industry.  From 1995 to 2000, Kevin led the energy investment banking activities of Dean Witter Reynolds and then PaineWebber Incorporated. Kevin began his investment banking career in 1984.  Kevin earned a B.A. degree in Economics and Geology from Amherst College in 1981 and an MBA in Finance from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania in 1984."
"David is a serial entrepreneur who has founded three startups and been involved with two others. David is one of the original founders of Pinpoint Technologies, Inc. which is now part of <a href=""http://www.zoll.com/"">ZOLL Medical Corporation</a> and provides solutions to the emergency medical services market. He was President of the company from founding through over $50M per year in revenue and over 250 people.  David later co-founded Techstars along with David Cohen, Brad Feld, and Jared Polis. He has been an investor and advisor to Techstars since inception. In 2013, he joined Techstars in a more active role as President.  David has a B.Sc. degree in Mathematics and Computer Science from McGill University in Montreal, Canada. As a ski instructor in the past, David still enjoys hitting the slopes on a good powder day."
"Naren Shaam, born in India and educated in the US, worked as a Global Product Manager managing multi-miliion $ in business in auto industry before getting his Business degree at Harvard. After his Harvard education, he worked in financial services in NY. In April 2012, he moved to Berlin to found a new innovative travel company GoEuro. GoEuro is one of most innovative startups in Berlin and has already closed over $4M in seed financing from top tier VCs such as Battery Ventures and Hasso Plattner Ventures along with industry leaders including Dave Baggett (Founder, ITA Software) and many others who are founders of airline and travel companies around the world. He is based in Berlin and enjoys interacting with young startups and his expertise is business strategy, monetization and fund raising. He enjoys (and misses) the sun quite a bit, pencil sketching and playing outdoor basketball."
"Having worked in the life sciences industry for over ten years as an academic researcher, Jonathan identified the market opportunity for supplying high quality antibodies to support protein interaction studies and, in 1998, founded Abcam with David Cleevely and Professor Tony Kouzarides.  Jonathan is a Non-Executive Director of Horizon Discovery Group plc, The Evolution Education Trust, GeoSpock Ltd and Sydicate Room Group Ltd. He is also Chairman of Axol Bioscience Ltd, PhoreMost Ltd, Repositive Limited, Definigen Limited and Cambridge Allergy Ltd. Jonathan holds an executive director position at Meltwind Limited, being a designated member of Meltwind Advisory LLP.  Jonathan is an experienced entrepreneur and investor and is passionate about supporting UK life science and high-tech start-ups. He has provided considerable investment and support to over 30 companies and has assisted three AIM IPOs."
"Mr. Anand Ladsariya is the CEO and promoter director of Everest Flavours Ltd., a privately owned company, manufacturer and exporter of Menthol, Peppermint Oil, flavours and fragrances. He is a Graduate, topper and gold medalist from Bombay University and Post Graduate MBA from IIM, Ahmedabad. He is also involved in various social activities. He is ex-Chairman of CHEMEXCIL, a premium export promotion organisation established by Ministry of Commerce, Govt. of India, for promotion of exports. He looks forward to risk adjusted investments keeping in mind capital preservation, sound returns and growth possibilities. He has investments in equity, equity mutual funds, real estate, real estate mutual funds, corporate loans, debt and liquid funds. Other options are viewed regularly on an ongoing fashion. He is an active Angel Investor with both Mumbai Angels and Indian Angel Network. He has invested in over 35 start-ups till date and actively mentors and guides the promoters to reach the next level. He is also part of the Planning Commission’s “Committee on Angel Investment and Early Stage Venture Capital” which is guided by the Vice Chairman of Planning Commission."
"Mayor Bill de Blasio is the 109th Mayor of New York City. From his early days as a young City Hall staffer, to serving on his local school board, to his most recent position as Public Advocate for the City of New York, Bill de Blasio has spent his life fighting to ensure that every New Yorker in every neighborhood throughout our five boroughs - gets a fair shot. Together with his wife Chirlane, Bill is the proud parent of Chiara, a college sophomore, and Dante, a high school junior. Having raised their children in Brooklyn and sent them to New York City public schools, Bill and Chirlane understand firsthand the fundamental role parents and teachers share in educating the next generation - and of the importance of providing equal educational opportunities in all neighborhoods. After graduating from NYU, Bill studied at Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs. He began his career in public service as a junior staffer for New York City's first African-American mayor, David N. Dinkins, and later became an assistant for community affairs at City Hall. In 1997, Bill moved to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, working as Regional Director under then-Housing Secretary Andrew Cuomo, as New York and New Jersey's highest-ranking official in the department. At HUD, he crisscrossed the Tri-State region, gaining a critical understanding of the diverse communities that make up the New York metropolitan area. As regional director, Bill fought for increased federal funding for affordable homes and expanded housing services for senior citizens. In 1999, Bill joined District 15's School Board in Brooklyn, where he championed early childhood education and parental involvement and expanded pre-K programs, helping his district become the first to cap first grade class sizes. In 2000, Hillary Clinton asked Bill to manage her historic campaign for the U.S. Senate. Working at the head of a vast grassroots operation, he helped re-introduce Mrs. Clinton to New Yorkers and deliver her message about prioritizing children and families, securing her a decisive victory in a highly competitive campaign. Two years later, Bill started his service on the New York City Council, representing the diverse Brooklyn neighborhoods of Park Slope, Sunset Park, Boro Park, Carroll Gardens, Cobble Hill, Windsor Terrace, Red Hook, and Kensington. In his eight years on the City Council, Bill focused his efforts on improving public education, engaging parents, expanding affordable housing, and protecting New York's middle-class and working poor. He wrote landmark tenants' rights legislation to protect affordable housing and end landlord discrimination for everyday New Yorkers. Bill also was a vocal advocate for services designed to support fragile families and vulnerable children. After the tragic death of seven-year-old Nixzmary Brown in 2006, he investigated the case as Chair of the Council's General Welfare Committee, holding four hearings examining the City's role in fighting child abuse. In 2010, Bill was sworn in as New York City Public Advocate, the second-highest citywide elected office. As Public Advocate, Bill launched the ""NYC Worst Landlords Watchlist"" to publicly identify landlords who took advantage of everyday New Yorkers, pressing them to improve building maintenance and upkeep. Bill made his voice heard across our city as a forceful advocate for stronger representation and services for the millions of workers who are the foundation of New York City's economy. As mayor, Bill is committed to making sure every child gets a great education, protecting our streets and our communities, and building a city where New Yorkers from all five boroughs can start businesses, raise their families, and afford to live in their own neighborhoods."
Paul McMann gets the best idea for forex trading strategies if you are Interested in making more money for investors and traders. we are willing to let you trade our money after you demonstrate competence and split the profit with you.
"Michael Zeisser is Chairman US Investments for Alibaba Group, one of the largest internet companies in the world, where he is responsible for backing entrepreneurial teams working on innovative platforms, products and ideas with a focus on Internet commerce and emerging technologies. Prior to Alibaba Group, Michael spent almost a decade leading activities in digital media and Internet commerce at Liberty Media. Michael created and oversaw Liberty Media's Digital Commerce Group, a roll-up of specialty online retail companies which grew to generate revenues of $1.5 billion and comprised leading brands such as Proflowers.com, RedEnvelope.com, Gifts.com, Backcountry.com, Bodybuilding.com, Motosport.com, and Evite.com. Prior to joining Liberty Media in 2003, Zeisser was a partner at McKinsey & Company in New York, where he co-founded and led McKinsey's Internet Practice, in addition to being a member of the firm's Media & Entertainment and Private Equity practices. Zeisser was one of McKinsey's leading experts on internet businesses and digital transition strategies in the consumer media, advertising, travel, and packaged goods industries. Zeisser has previously served on the boards of Trip Advisor (Nasdaq:TRIP), IAC/InterActiveCorp. (Nasdaq:IACI), QVC Inc, GSN - The Network for Games, and Sling Media. He is currently a member of the Advisory Board of the Silicon Flatirons Center for Law, Technology and Entrepreneurship at the University of Colorado, and the Media Advisory Group of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Zeisser earned a business degree with honors from the University of Strasbourg, France and an MBA with distinction from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University, where he was a Procter & Gamble International Academic Scholar."
"SpotOn is the smartest payment processing solution for small businesses. We empower our merchants by combining payment processing with easy-to-use customer engagement tools, all in one platform. We’re focused on helping our merchants create meaningful relationships with their customers, saving them time and money with an experience that exceeds expectations."
"Stan Kroenke became the majority shareholder of Arsenal Football Club in April 2011, having previously been appointed to the board of directors in 2008. As the head of Kroenke Sports & Entertainment, he owns a number of American sports properties; the Denver Nuggets basketball team, Colorado Rapids Major League Soccer team, St. Louis Rams of the NFL and the Colorado Avalanche ice hockey team in the NHL. He is a real estate developer and also owns the Outdoor Channel and Altitude Sports & Entertainment."
"Pierre Kosciusko-Morizet is an Internet entrepreneur, founder and former CEO of French e-commerce pioneer PriceMinister. After he sold Priceminister to Japanese internet giant Rakuten in 2010 for $350m, he became Rakuten Europe COO. He left Rakuten in 2014 so as to concentrate on his investments and new project. Pierre Kosciusko-Morizet is a graduate of the famous HEC Paris business school, where he studied entrepreneurship. He launched his first company, Visualis SA (a consultancy for the distribution sector), while still studying at HEC, with a €10,000 student loan.  After graduating from HEC, Kosciusko-Morizet moved to the United States and became a manager in the marketing department of Finance Capital One, an internet-based credit card company. There he managed a team of 60 analysts, and specialised in the online credit and banking market. It was there that Kosciusko-Morizet saw a gap in the market. While websites existed in the United States linking buyers and sellers online, there was no equivalent site in France. He resigned from Finance Capital One and returned to France two weeks later to work on what would become PriceMinister with Pierre Krings, Olivier Mathiot, Nathalie Maurin and Justin Ziegler. In 2001 Priceminister launched and has grown into one of the largest and most successful e-commerce companies in France, currently employing around 200 passionate and dedicated staff. Pierre Kosciusko-Morizet is a former President of the ACSEL (Association of the Digital Economy) and of the ASIC (Association of Internet Community Services), and Chairman and main investor of the Strategic Committee of ISAI, the “French internet entrepreneurs fund”, that raised over $100m. In 2010 Kosciusko-Morizet published an autobiographical book which details the story of PriceMinister."
"Brian David Johnson is the Futurist & Principal Engineer at Intel Corporation. As a futurist at Intel Corporation, Brian is responsible for developing an actionable 10-to-15 year vision and strategy for the company’s future of technology. His work is called “futurecasting” – using ethnographic field studies, technology research, trend data, and even science fiction to provide Intel with a pragmatic vision of consumers and computing. Brian was a leading proponent of the internet of things before it entered mainstream lexicon."
"Faraz Khalid is the Chief Executive Officer of Noon, the $1 billion joint venture between Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund and a group of prominent Gulf investors.  With offices in Riyadh and Dubai, Noon empowers the region’s youth to participate in the growing digital economy. It employs some of the brightest young Saudi, Emirati and Arab talent and is actively opening the digital marketplace to emerging entrepreneurs adding to its already established active supplier base in the Kingdom. He is the former Co-founder and Managing Director of Namshi, the Middle East’s leading fashion online retailer. With proven experience and hands-on knowledge in building, launching and scaling successful e-commerce enterprises in the region, Faraz leads a team of dedicated professionals in driving the operations of Noon.  With an MBA from The Wharton Business School, Faraz has accumulated experience in building e-commerce platforms and in creating distinctive and long-term value for stakeholders. "
"Steven Nerayoff, Esq. LL.M. is a prolific serial entrepreneur, attorney and inventor of 20 international patents, having founded seven companies in Silicon Valley and New York City. Steven is a blockchain pioneer with his involvement in top projects including: Ethereum, Lisk, Bancor, tZERO, ZenCash, ZCash, Ripio, Aion and Storm. Steven is also the Chairman of the publicly listed company Global Blockchain Technologies (OTCMKTS:BLKCF) (TSXV:BLOC).Stevens innovative work as the legal architect of Ethereums record setting token sale continues to be the basic structure used throughout the world today. Steven innovated the concept of utility, specifically using the concept of gas” or “fuel” for legal purposes. Steven continues to be instrumental in defining the industry standards.In 2017, Steven founded Alchemist specializing in blockchain project development and investment. Steven has assembled a team of industry leaders having advised and invested in over 25 projects.Steven has had involvement as either a founder, advisor or investor in following projects: Aion, Bancor, Basic Attention Token, Blocktix, Civic, Enjin, Ethereum, Factom, GlobalBlockchain, Investfeed, Kudos, Lisk, Metrosage, Po.et, Polymath, Ripio, Shopin, Sirin, Status, Steemit, Storm, Stox, Streetwire, tZERO, Veridium Labs, Vezt, ZCash, ZencashHe is the Founder & CEO of Maple Ventures, a venture capital firm focused on emerging technologies including blockchain-based payment systems, consumer internet companies, and socially conscious enterprises. He is also the Founder & Executive Chairman of CloudParc, a patented next-generation artificial intelligence smart city platform that has groundbreaking technology for the city of the future. "
"Igor Kim is a Managing Partner at Xploration Capital, a VC fund focused on Industry 4.0. Prior to Xploration Capital, Igor held the position of investment director in InVenture Partners specializing in disruptive technology startups across industries. Before that, Igor worked at Morgan Stanley where he participated in financing, capital markets and M&A transactions in excess of US$ 2 billion, including taking Yandex public on Nasdaq. Prior to Morgan Stanley, Igor worked at Credit Suisse in London, focused on Emerging Markets Coverage. Igor holds a BSc in Management from University of London, Royal Holloway."
"Ayushmann Khurrana is an Indian film actor and singer, who started his career as a television anchor. Ayushmann deftly manoeuvred his way further in the entertainment industry by establishing himself as a TV host and as luck would have it, he landed the lead role in Shoojit Sircar's Vicky Donor and therein went onto making his Bollywood debut in 2012. The film not only won rave reviews, but also established him as a bankable actor. The 'Paani da rang' song that he sung in Vicky Donor added another feather in his cap. His debut film won Ayushmann awards galore, not just for his acting, but his singing talent as well.  Ayushmann followed this up with a string of films where his performances were appreciated, and was celebrated for truly being someone who choose the unfollowed path when it comes to the kind of characters he chose to potray in the films he’s done so far. Ayushmann's performance in his last film, Dum Laga Ke Haisha, not only won him rave reviews, the film went on to become a huge success at the box office not only in India, but internationally as well. Ayushmann's book, 'Cracking The Code,' has been appreciated by industry insiders and his fans as well.  Ayushmann's career is going from strength to strength, and there are some major announcements that will happen soon, including a peppy single titled, 'Yahin hoon main.' There's a lot in store from Ayushmann for his fans across the world!"
"Prior to Fluent, Cameron spent almost 4 years at Google, first working as lead designer on Wave and then creating future concepts for browsing social content. Prior to that he ran his own successful design consultancy, has authored four books on web design and regularly speaks at conferences around the world."
"Garry Tan is a managing partner at Initialized Capital, an early stage seed fund with over $500M under management. He was previously partner at Y Combinator for 5 years and worked with over 700 companies in that time. He was selected for the Forbes Midas list for 2019 as #19 in the list of top global venture capitalists. He was a co-founder at Posterous, co-founded the financial analysis platform at Palantir Technologies and was a program manager at Microsoft for Windows Mobile.  Gerry graduated from Stanford in Computer Systems Engineering in 2003."
"bijan sarhangpour, also known as Bijan Sarhang Pour, is the previous owner and current Director of Baku Oil Services. bijan sarhangpour is an Iranian businessman. He used to own Baku Oil Services and is currently the director of the organization. bijan sarhangpour, also known as Bijan Sarhang Pour, holds a degree in Engineering from Sharif University of Technology. bijan sarhangpour is the previous owner and current Director of Baku Oil Services. He was born and raised in Isfahan."
